(bell dings)
- Well, let's go to bed with me.
(upbeat music)
Before I go to bed, I have to take off my makeup.
So my favorite are Aveeno.
I'm going to take off those eyebrows.
Nobody sees me naked, ever,
but I will do it for you, just for you.
Okay, so.
Most of the time we have the tendency of rubbing too much,
but you need to be gentle always.
Take care of your skin because you will have it forever.
This is Spice, our liquid lipstick
and these are the only wipes that really remove that.
Otherwise I have a hard time because it's so great.
Let's remove the eyebrows.
I mean, considering the fact that I tweezed so much
my eyebrow when I was in school in my youth,
I still have some eyebrows, thank God.
Could you imagine me not having eyebrows?
Oh, it would be dangerous.
I believe in a holistic way of taking care of your body.
So what you eat, what you drink.
When I said what you drink, it's water, alkaline water.
I have a Kangen water machine downstairs in my kitchen
and in the morning, I drink two
or three glasses of alkaline water.
Not throughout the day, because if you drink
too much alkaline water, you imbalance
your electrolytes in your body.
Then, what I eat, I try to eat food
that are not inflammatory.
Because the skin, it's a reflection of what we eat,
what we drink, how we take care of ourself from within.
And then of course, the skincare,
it's something that we could take care from outside.
I use the dark skin toner.
So very gentle.
Gonna wash a little bit.
This foam cleanser really removes every trace of makeup.
First I start with the Super Anti-Aging Serum.
I used this because it's a little bit more oily.
And I usually like to use this first.
The water molecule, it's a lot heavier
than the oil molecule so it's better
to use everything that is oily first,
and then you use the watery products after.
Then it will help to penetrate faster the skin.
Darker skin toner, I like to use as well a drop.
You already have a feel of tightening the skin.
This is what I like.
Barbara's products, you feel it immediately that they work.
We have a muscle, a round muscle around the eyes,
so if you go here, the muscle gets relaxed.
So that's enough, you don't need to go
very close to your eyelashes.
Now I use the Brightening Serum again.
Gives you this beautiful, bright skin
that, again, I layer.
Massage that, it will go in your skin,
but I promise you, once you start using this,
you see the difference immediately.
And then, after this, I'm using her face cream.
That is with proteins.
This is an incredible anti-inflammatory skin
using protein from your own.
And it's just amazing.
Again, always, don't forget your neck
and sometimes what is left over,
use on your hand, because that's important.
I like the La Mer eye cream.
And I use it hear.
All the massage is good.
Once a month you should get a facial
with a good ten minutes massage, a little steam.
Sometimes I do a hot towel and I put it over my face
or I take a hot shower and then I do my skincare regime.
I use a lot of creams.
Then I'm going to tell you a little bit about the La Mer.
I like this, the lifting serum.
It's a great serum.
So when I use one treatment, I will use only this.
Another night, once a week, twice a week, I will use this.
I love the toner.
The La Mer toner smells so good.
So in the morning, when I get ready,
I like to revitalize my skin with.
And of course, the moisturizer cream,
it's great with marine extract.
It's nothing that I like most
than to use a lot of good creams, skincare,
that makes my skin so hydrated.
This is the most important.
I know makeup is beautiful and it's amazing,
but remove your makeup every night.
I have never went to bed, it doesn't matter
how late I come home, could be 2:00, 3:00 in the morning,
I have to take off my makeup, it's a must.
Those are a few of the products that I use and I love.
Thank you so much for listening to my skincare routine.
I came from a very long flight, 16 hours.
Now it's time for you to go, and I'm gonna go to bed.
Thank you.