- This you do twice a day.
So good.
(upbeat music)
So I'm in New York and I'm ready for bed,
and as you can see, I travel with all my product.
I'm pretty much on the road all the time
and I wanna make sure I have everything I love,
I need to get ready for bed.
So I wanna walk you through my evening routine.
I try to keep it simple, yet effective.
So today I had three events,
so I had to wear a little eye makeup.
Normally I don't wear any makeup, not even foundation,
and I like to just show my skin.
To me it's the most comfortable state I'm in.
But when I use eye makeup,
I like the palette from Anastasia.
Anastasia is a very dear friend of mine.
And look, it's all good for blue eyes.
I even know how to do it myself.
When you take off your makeup,
try to avoid makeup wipes or strong makeup remover
just because it's not too good for your skin,
but makeup wipes, for example,
first of all, there're ingredients in the makeup wipes
which can disrupt your skin barrier function,
but you're also with the wiping,
you rub the dirt and the makeup into your skin,
and also you rupture and destruct your skin
and could really destroy your skin.
So please try to avoid it.
I give you a little tip.
You just put a little bit of your face cream
on a cotton pad.
I'll show you how it works.
Take it off like this, super gentle,
and then you can wash it off.
Actually, our cleanser, foam cleanser is very good
to take off makeup and eye makeup.
I actually use the foam without wetting my skin first.
I just wet in my hand a little bit,
and then I mix it in my hands
and then I take it off.
And as you can see, you can use it over your eyes
and it doesn't really, doesn't burn or anything.
Super gentle.
If you have heavy duty foundation
you can use it twice.
So, twice a week what you use twice a week
is our enzyme cleanser.
It's the most gentle form of exfoliation.
It's a powder.
It has two enzymes, subtilisin and lipase
and it breaks down the proteins
and the lipids from dead skin cells
and it gently takes off the dead skin cells.
This powder needs to be a powder
because it only can be activated,
the enzymes only can be activated
if you mix this powder with water.
And that's something you use twice a week.
And that's the only exfoliation you need.
You put a little powder in your hand,
and then you mix it with water,
and then you rub it in your hands.
It becomes a nice foam.
And then you wash your skin.
By the way, it's great for all over your body.
It's very general,
you see, I took so much powder.
You don't really need it.
When you have this enzyme cleanser,
it takes you a long, long way.
Then you leave it on for one minute.
You actually can feel it.
It's a deep cleanse and an exfoliation.
Exfoliation's important because
then the skin can take on active ingredients,
but it's also important because dead skin cells
oxidate with sebum and can cause breakouts and blackheads
and you don't want that.
So twice a week, enzyme cleanser.
So I wash this off now.
So the next step, especially when we're in New York,
is our balancing toner.
And we do that because the water quality
is not that great, it's more alkaline.
Our skin has a slightly acidic pH,
and we need to make sure it stays an acidic pH,
so we need to balance out the pH of our skin.
Our foam cleanser already has a pH of 5.2,
which is great 'cause it's very similar to the skin pH,
but the balancing toner now is the next step
to really balance our pH.
And it's important because it's good for our,
protecting from bacterias and just making sure
our skin is functioning correctly.
And it's the same time, also hydrating.
It has hyaluronic acid, it has beta-glucan.
Beta-glucan is a skin barrier function strengthener,
so you see everything is designed in this line
to hydrate your skin, to protect your skin,
to make your skin super, super strong.
So this one is to even out the pH.
Some people say, especially men say, oh, I use soap.
Soap has a pH of nine or 10, it's so bad,
so don't use soap.
Use a good pH nutrocleanser and a balancing toner.
This is the same for men and for women.
So my next step is the super anti-aging serum,
and it's like our hyaluronic serum,
but it's packed with anti-aging ingredients,
and that's important for the night
because we need to regenerate and repair damages
made throughout the day.
So this is like a super nice hyaluronic serum.
It has different molecule sizes, bigger and smaller,
to penetrate different skin layers
and restore the hydration in our skin layers
and protect and hydrate.
And hydration is so important.
So when I started this line,
I actually had super dry skin
and I couldn't find any product which could help me
to hydrate my skin, and because of the lack of hydration,
I had breakouts, so my whole physiology was off.
Skin cells need to be hydrated,
and you can see it like a grape or raisin.
If you have a grape, it's a hydrated skin cell,
and has like little osmosis channel,
which transports active ingredients into the cells.
If you have like a dehydrated cell or skin,
your cell is more like a raisin,
and it doesn't have those osmosis channel
to really bring on active ingredients.
So that's why it's super important to hydrate your skin.
Hyaluronic acid, morning and night,
super important, it's the white T-shirt of the skincare
and for everybody, mandatory.
Super anti-aging serum, that's what I use at night.
I wanna tell you a little bit about
my background and my face cream was like
the first product I ever made,
and when I was young and I thought I only need a face cream.
Today, we know so much better and I know so much better
what our skin needs,
and it's not just about a moisturizer, a face cream.
We need an exfoliator, cleanser, and serum.
So we have all these tasks we have to fulfill for the skin,
but the face cream was my very first product
and I'm so in love with this face cream.
It took me two-and-a-half years
to come up with the formulation,
but my big love, I could never live without my face cream.
If you wanna try one product from this line,
go for the face cream.
You see, I stand in front of the mirror every night
and think, oh my God it's so good.
It's really this feeling I have every night,
and when I put my face cream on in the evening
I almost every night use a device to massage my skin
because this massaging of your skin
is a stimulus for your fibroblasts,
for your skin cells to produce collagen,
and that's really important for a night,
so that's a good thing to do at night.
I love this one from Joanna Czech, my friend.
She came up with this genius device
and Joanna, if you know her facials, she's really known for
really cool massage techniques,
and that's what she brings in her device, and I love it,
and it also helps with if you have like lymph problems,
you can see that it really helps with that as well.
So that's one device I like to use.
I have another friend who has another device,
and I love this one, too.
It's the rose quartz from Georgia Louise.
This is like, you can be a little more, little stronger.
She has like different angles you can use.
See this one, the bigger one is better for here, actually.
And it's good to do it together with your face cream.
I could do this forever, actually.
Next step, my eye cream.
I used to be super lazy about eye cream.
When you come in my age,
you decide you are not lazy anymore.
You just use it, you just do it.
This eye cream is, I call it eye pudding
because it's like, you see it's like little jelly.
I love it.
It's getting the job done.
It's super good for fine lines, puffiness, dark circles.
It goes right into your skin.
It gives you this totally wake up look
and you can put on your eye makeup on top right after.
It's not sticky or anything,
it's just super, super nice and hydrating.
The rest on your lips.
Also, eye cream is good for your neck,
because the neck has the same skin quality
like you have around the eyes.
Less collagen, and it's very thin,
so treat your neck to a good eye cream.
Okay, now I brush my teeth,
and I have so many friends.
My friend, Dr. Apa has this amazing toothbrush.
Not just the toothbrush,
but also like a super cool toothpaste.
It's all about teeth health and whitening
and I'm a little bit obsessed also about my teeth.
(toothbrush buzzing)
My lip balm.
This was quite an adventure because this lip balm
went back and forth from the lab to us like 35 times.
We went through 35 samples,
and it's hard to get a lip balm right.
And how many of you try to find the perfect lip balm?
It's almost impossible.
Whether it feels good, but then it has mineral oils
and it makes you addicted
and it doesn't really hydrate, it dries out your skin.
We found the perfect lip balm for you
and we're all obsessed.
Sorry it's in a little jar
and you have to put your finger in,
but the consistency is like impossible to put it in a tube,
and it's just like, it only was good like this.
You have to stuck your finger in it.
And it's a healing balm, so I use it on my cuticles.
I use it on my elbows.
When you're in the cold,
when you go skiing, use it around your eyes.
You can use it for everything you want.
Everything what keeps us young, yes.
Another product which took me four years.
I have to tell you, I need to be obsessed about a product
until I produce it.
I'd rather don't do anything
unless I give you something which is amazing.
So our body cream was quite an adventure too because
I wanted a body cream.
I'm so sensitive, I wanted a body cream
which you put on your skin.
It goes right into your skin,
doesn't leave you sticky, cold, or uncomfortable.
You can put your clothes on right away.
So this was, like all these criteria.
I'll show you on my arm.
Just so nice, and you can even see how it goes in.
It's already in.
Now you can put on your shirts or blouse.
Sometimes you have like, your silk blouses or something,
and you have to wait for an hour until you can put it on.
We don't have this time.
We are busy, we have children, we have a life
so we cannot spend all the time waiting for our body cream
to dry on our skin.
Okay, we're done with this
and I have a few more tips for a good night sleep.
Come with me.
And twice a day I do a little handstand
to get my blood circulation going in my head and in my skin.
So this you do twice a day.
It's so good.
I wanna talk a little bit about sleep
because sleep is so important to us
and I travel around the world,
I have jet lag, I have to deal with late nights
and with everything regarding traveling,
and sleep, I really try to be very consistent
in trying to get enough sleep.
And that's important for anti inflammation
and for rejuvenation and repair.
I created some supplements, they're called sleep food.
They help you to get a better, more valuable sleep.
Sleep, I tell you, is one big important part
of trying to stay young and healthy.
So get enough sleep.
Sleep food will help you.
It's not a sleeping pill or anything.
It's a combination of herbs, St. John's wort,
5-Htp and it will just help you to fall asleep.
Also, try to avoid looking at your phone at night.
I know it's hard, but keep your phone in another room.
Don't charge it next to your bed.
It's not good, and when you wake up at night,
don't look at your phone to check the time
because it will wake you up.
That's my nighttime routine and I will go to bed now.
Thank you for watching.
(upbeat music)