(air whooshing) (upbeat rock music)
(bell dings)
(smacks lips) - All right.
Let's go to bed together.
(air whooshing)
My skin care routine consists of
basically one-ish thing as of right now
and then when I'm feeling fun and funky
and I need to rehydrate my face, I do a little bit extra,
which is kind of just making a mask
and sometimes I do this mask, a cherry one.
Sometimes I do avocado or whatever
and my skin type is very oily underneath and dry on top,
so I have to be constantly exfoliating these layers
'cause then I get all the milia bumps underneath
that are dry and are trying to come out,
but they can't because I have this two layers
of super dry skin on top, so that's why
my skin doesn't actually look oily, but it is.
I struggled with acne for a very, very long time,
cystic acne, and I was on Accutane for two years
and nothing really worked for me on that level
and I went to every different (chuckles) dermatologist
and this and that and basically got everything done
to my face that you can frankly and nothing worked
and then I came across this one woman, Jennifer,
who is so amazing and she changed my skin
and she's designing my skin care line.
It's the only thing that was actually a huge difference
in an insane short amount of time
and all her stuff is all-natural, which of course I love.
I brush my teeth with coconut oil (chuckles)
and things like that so I stick to all-natural products.
I think so many times we think that
the chemicals will work 'cause it says it works
and blah, blah, blah, and it does work
for a short amount of time,
but then what about if you stop using that product?
Is your skin reliant on that product?
Do you become reliant on it?
I think that's one thing that chemicals
will really never fix for us,
so that's why I like the all-natural route.
We make quite a few different scrubs.
This is the lemon and sugar olive oil mix
or something like that, all three antioxidants.
Basically, I started using it on my newest assistant.
He just loves it so much.
It's been making his skin so smooth
and actually, it takes away the indents.
You can cover redness with makeup, right,
but you'll never be able to cover texture
and that's something that you're always
going to be battling yourself on,
so that's why I really like this
'cause it takes the texture down
to a more even playing field.
I'm just gonna add a little bit of water
because I traveled quite a few times with this scrub
and some of the moisture has leaked out.
Then I'm just going to apply.
It smells delicious.
You can also eat it, again, 'cause it's all-natural,
so I can just (lips smacking).
Oh my god, it's so sugary.
Wow (chuckles).
It smells like lemon (inhales) and sugar,
I don't know, like at some type of weird hotel,
or sometimes if you're on the plane
and they give you those hand towels or whatever
and they smell like lemon sometimes.
That's kind of what this smells like.
It's definitely scrubbing and cleaning.
It's kind of working these pores in this circular motion
is gonna help me activate the skin
to become alive again in a sense.
I used to have this makeup artist.
Right before she would put products on my face,
like wants to sit into my skin,
(smacking face)
she'd slap my face really hard
and it's supposed to wake everything up.
A harsher version of it would be
(clicks tongue)
if you're gonna do microneedling,
you do microneedling because you want to damage the skin
so that the skin is like, oh, no, no, no, hold on, hold on.
I need to re-work myself.
I need to fill this back up.
I need to heal.
Basically, the scrub does that, but in the lightest way
because it's not breaking anything on my face.
Do a little bit of water (splashing)
We re-work it.
Try and make sure you get in all those nooks and crannies
and it is good to get under the eyes.
Most of the time when you wash your face,
you kind of forget about right under your eye.
You go like here and then you stop,
but this is really sensitive skin right here.
So many wrinkles and light pigmentation and stuff
comes right there from sun
depending on your skin type in general.
If I'm wearing heavy makeup on set,
usually I'll use an oil first,
a coconut oil or a vitamin E oil,
to get it all off my face,
then I do the scrub, just to really get in there.
I'm gonna wash. (splashing)
I think it's been a little over a year,
maybe a year and six months, of doing all-natural
and, yeah, the only thing that I do
that's not all-natural would be microneedling.
I do that sometimes to get rid of
some of these scars that are so bad on this side
'cause on camera, on screen,
I do all my own makeup on everything I work on
(clicks tongue)
and I only wear tinted moisturizer
because I want you to be able to see my skin,
see my freckles, see that my skin is breathing.
It's kind of difficult sometimes with these scars
because I can't put thick makeup over it.
Like I said, you can't cover texture.
My next step would be us making this mask together.
Like I said, sometimes I do this mask.
Depending on what my face is calling for
in that moment, I'll do another mask.
Avocado masks are my second favorites.
Okay, I put a little thing of coconut oil in there.
I'm gonna pour some honey in here.
When it comes to measurements,
I'm pretty much eye-balling it.
When you're working with all-natural products,
it's much easier to eye-ball it
because most likely you're not gonna hurt your skin.
Obviously, if I'm using something really acidic in here,
like lemon and whatnot,
I'd wanna be a little bit more
careful and obvious about what I'm doing.
Coconut oil is antibacterial.
Honey is anti-inflammatory.
Cherries are also anti-inflammatory and antioxidant,
so either way, on all three of these products,
you're pretty much okay, no matter if you put
too much honey or too much coconut oil,
but you wanna pay attention to the product
and it's gonna sound a little cheesy,
but listen to the product.
If you're mixing it and it's not a good consistency,
then you know you have to add a bit more oil
or maybe a bit more of the tacky honey or it just depends.
People ask me all the time,
oh, did you get your lips tinted or something,
but I never wear lipstick or anything,
but really, if you do the cherries before you go to bed,
mmm, what a nice color.
Ooh, mmm.
It's kinda like a stain.
(lips smack) Hmm, see?
It's nice.
I take a little wispy guy,
but that's just 'cause it's fancy
and I got one specifically for this,
but you don't have to use a wispy guy.
You could basically use a spoon
or anything that you can smash
and mix with. (knocking)
Now, I'm just mixing it up,
trying to get a consistency I like.
Some of these I wanna smash a little bit.
I'm just gonna take a smudge like this.
It looks gross.
I'm gonna do it in the sink 'cause it's red.
It's so light and watery and the honey
is really quite not tacky at all
and the coconut oil definitely balances everything out
and makes it quite smooth, but I think,
really, the cherries, the liquid,
all the antioxidants and whatnot,
getting into this super liquid form,
I think that's what makes everything feel so soft
'cause you'd think a mask like this
would feel kind of thick,
but if you touch my face right now,
you'll feel it's really thin and really soft over.
(clicks tongue)
I'll leave it on for five, 10 minutes.
Honestly, sometimes I've left it on a really long time
and I start doing things and I get lazy
and I'm doin' other things and then I start writing.
Now, we're gonna wash it off.
I'm gonna use a rag
to really make sure (splashing)
that I can get off the coconut oil, the whole consistency.
This was my last step.
I don't do anything extra.
I don't use moisturizer or anything crazy.
If anything, sometimes I'll use some
light vitamin E oil or I mix some different oils
that I'm feeling fancy with, some vitamins.
Sometimes I'll put that on my face,
but (sighs) I had so much acne and I did so many things
to my face to try and get rid of it
that now I don't really wash my face in the morning.
I only wash it before bed.
I'll wipe it down and clean it,
but I don't do a full this every morning, just at night.
I think that the more that we try with our skin,
pushing it and pushing it and pushing,
trying to get something to work,
the body is also like, sometimes it's too much.
It's too much of a lot of things
and the skin, it can't concentrate and relax,
so I don't like to douse my face in anything too heavy,
so I don't really put on moisturizer.
Well, (chuckles) thank you for watching
my skin care routine.
I hope you guys liked it and maybe think about
going a little bit more all-natural once in a while.
Well, bye (chuckles and smacks lips).