- It looks like you like murdered someone
and then smeared their blood on your face.
(laughs)
(calm music)
So I'm gonna take you through my nighttime routine
and what I like to do and this is definitely like
the extended version if I have the time
to like really indulge.
My skin is pretty balanced, but it does
get on the drier side, so I think I just
try to layer on as much moisturizer as I can.
So let's dive right in, to the first step,
which is taking off all this makeup.
I use Burt's Bees, I don't love using makeup wipes
because I feel like it's like rubbing paper on your face
but also I think they just like work the fastest
and I ain't got time to waste.
I try to take off all my makeup right after work,
like right after a long day on set
so that I can at least like, the long ride home
can be like a moment for my skin to just
chill out for a second before getting home
and doing all my things.
Even if I think I'm gonna end up sleeping with makeup on,
by the time I get to bed, I'm like no,
I can't do it, like I have to wash it off
'cause it just, you can feel that layer
just seeping into your pores and I think it's like,
especially with wipes like this, it really
doesn't take that long.
You always have the time, you gotta make the time,
to be honest.
I'm not really a big makeup user in my day-to-day life,
like I try to wear as little makeup as possible,
so my skin really took a turn for the worse
when I started working on Riverdale,
just 'cause like the schedule and like that
with the lack of sleep and the long days,
your skin just really reacts and I went
from being someone with really easy skin
and I think comparatively my skin
is pretty chill but like I break out a lot more
than I ever did when I was growing up
like as a teenager so, and I learn a lot
from my costars, like Lili's a really big skin person,
like she knows a lot about skin and so she's always
like introducing me to different brands
that work well, she always has good advice.
Now I'm going to wash my face.
I like to use Renee Rouleau, which is a brand
that Lili introduced me to.
She's a facialist that Lili sees sometimes
and loves and swears by, so I've fallen in love
with her too because her products like actually work.
So I'm going to wash my face.
(water runs)
I have to exercise a lot of patience when putting
products on 'cause I'm like definitely
the type of person that would just like rub stuff off
if I didn't consciously try to be gentle.
I'm actually gonna do a little mask routine that I have,
especially after I travel, I like to go that extra step
and do a mask to kind of help my skin deal
with the trauma and the dryness of travel.
So I use Renee Rouleau's Triple Berry Smoothing Peel,
followed by her detox mask which I'll show you in a sec.
It looks like you like murdered someone
and then smeared their blood on your face.
I definitely enjoy this part of my day a lot.
Like when I come home after a long day
and I'm doing my skin routine, that's like the time
that you kind of like take in everything
that happened that day, you know what I mean?
I feel like that's a pretty universal moment
of reflection, like your mind wanders kind of like
when you're in the shower, you're just kinda like
thinking about everything, what you need to do
the next day, when you should go to sleep.
So typically I'll leave this on, you can leave it on
for like five minutes to 15 minutes.
I'll leave a mask on for longer if I'm like
watching Netflix or something.
I'll watch like Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee
is usually like 15 minutes long, so I feel like
it's a perfect amount of time to like put a face mask on
and wash it off after.
I'm gonna wash this off and head onto my next step,
which is the detox mask.
(water runs)
Detox mask, this one is my favorite
because it smells so good.
It's got like that perfect amount of thickness
that just like, like look at it, it's like goopy
and it feels so good going on your sin.
It smells like relaxation.
I'm more drawn to products when they smell good
because it's just that added like benefit to your day.
Aromatherapy's like a real thing.
So while that settles, I'm gonna probably
keep this on for five minutes as well.
This is like a personal thing, some people
like to put deodorant on in the daytime
when they wake up, but I've heard that
it's actually more effective to put it on at night
'cause then it actually works into your body
and by the time you wake up, it's like done its work.
I mean you could reapply if you wanted to,
but sometimes you don't even need to.
I use the Lavender Eucalyptus from Secret,
just gonna put that on real quick.
I also like, there's something, I have a weird thing
about like dry armpits, like I need to feel
moisturized all over my body and that doesn't
exclude my armpits, you know?
Gotta keep the pits moisturized.
So it's been five minutes, so I'm gonna wash this off
and move onto my next step.
(water runs)
Okay, next step, toner which is something I introduced
into my life recently and I'm loving it,
'cause it makes sense.
You gotta balance the pH in your skin,
I think that's right.
I'm not a dermatologist, so don't take
everything I say, just take it all with a grain of salt.
I use Tracie Martyn, who's my facialist in New York
whenever I'm here and I love going there.
The facials are actually the kind of facials
that you notice a difference immediately,
so I put like two little spritz on my hand.
I don't use cotton pads 'cause like
I feel like that's just like wasteful.
So next step, I'll put my serum on, which I was introduced
to this one Whal Myung, I think I'm saying it right,
Whal Myung, the Inner Glow Moisturizing Serum,
I learned about this product through Prabal Gurung,
who took me to the Met Gala and he always
sends like a little package of like Whal Myung products
whenever I do anything with him,
and that's how I got introduced to them
and I really like it.
Korean skincare, man, they just really know
what they're doing.
I put like one and a half squirts of it,
just for that little extra moisture.
I feel like skincare isn't just about like
the products we use, it's about how you're taking care
of yourself like what you're eating,
how much water you're drinking and how much,
I think like facials are also something I've incorporated
into like my routine just in terms of doing it
maybe once a month even?
It's like that extra added care that like maybe
I'm not capable of doing on my own.
So what I'm putting on right now is
my favorite moisturizer, which is Sulwhasoo
Concentrated Ginseng Renewing Cream.
Another Korean skincare brand.
It's a little on the thicker side,
so I try to use it mostly at night.
I'll put it on like before going to work
because I know I'm gonna have like a long day
of wearing makeup and that dries out your skin
or at least it dries out my skin,
so I'll put on this moisturizer,
either if I'm going to work or if
I'm going to bed, but if I'm just like having
a normal day I'll probably put something on
that's like a little lighter.
Like Tracie Martyn has a facial resculpting cream
which is pretty light and like good for daytime.
This is Frank Body Lip Balm, it's like
a coffee-scented lip serum.
I just like it 'cause it smells like coffee
and I'm obsessed with coffee.
So once all of my products have been put on,
my following step is to do a little face roller.
I also do this in the morning and I keep it
in the fridge usually just so it gets nice and cool
and then when I massage my face with it,
it like feels like it's depuffing.
I feel like it's good to do this morning and night.
I hold a lot of tension in my jaw, I realized recently
as I've been like going to meditation classes,
I've noticed that I don't know how to relax it,
so I think I'm gonna like go to an acupuncturist soon
and see if they can work some magic on my jaw.
Next step is my spot treatment.
In talking to some of the estheticians that I see,
they kinda talk about how a lot of people
will overdry their blemishes instead of like
assessing each one individually 'cause sometimes
what you need is like something, a product that will help
bring that blemish to surface
instead of immediately drying it,
so I have these Renee Rouleau products
and each one does like a different thing
depending on the blemish.
But first like I'll kind of go over each blemish
and take off whatever product is still there, just lightly.
I think this general problem, it would require
the Anti-Bump Solution, by Renee Rouleau.
Which is more about treating, like blemishes
that aren't whiteheads yet, it's like pre-whitehead stage
or like cystic pimples.
I squirt a little bit on a Q-tip and I,
you don't really need to put too much.
I just got a facial yesterday too
so all of these are already starting to go away.
But you should've seen them yesterday.
So this is the part where I'm done with my beauty stuff
and I'll like go curl up in my bed with my little journal,
I have a five-minute journal, and it's like,
it literally takes five minutes, it's like a little journal
that asks you the most basic questions
just to kind of like set the tone right before
you go to bed and right when you wake up.
So usually the questions when you're going to sleep
are like what are three amazing things that happened today
and the last bit is like what are two things
you could've done differently, so it kind of just like
makes you appreciate all the great things that happened
and also like kind of have like a little note to self
like maybe I would've gotten more sleep
or maybe I would've drank more water
or anything like that.
So I'm gonna go write in my journal now,
thank you for watching this and following
my nighttime beauty routine, I hope I made sense.
Just showing you what I do before I go to sleep.
Thanks, good night.
It's light out but I'm gonna go to sleep.
(calm music)