- Hey, it's time to get naked.
(uptempo R&B music)
Well, my skin care routine is generally less is more.
One of the key things I think,
that has totally saved my skin
is the Makeup Eraser cloth.
My skin is hyper, hyper-sensitive,
so I can't have anything with fragrance.
It has to be really high quality,
clean active ingredients.
Right, glasses have to come off.
And let's just see,
oh, but I need them on to see what I'm doing.
(laughs)
Okay, so I have two different cleansers,
depending on what I've got going on.
I have one that's Retrouve,
which is more of an elixir which is a nice texture.
And if I need to feel more clean,
then I have my Cosmedix, which is Benefit Clean.
And that's more like a soap,
which both of them work.
But I have to like get in here
and it's really difficult when you're blind.
It's one of the downsides of getting older.
Like, you need to actually have like a button
that can push in and have a full-on magnifier.
My mother always drilled in me no matter what,
that you should wash, like cleanse and moisturize your skin.
So I'm telling you this thing,
literally takes everything off.
Look at this, don't you see it's magic.
So, next step, we have what I like to do before everything,
is actually spray this.
Which this is called Beat the Blues,
and it's like an aromatherapy piece.
So I should really do that because
it actually changes the whole mood of everything.
It's a combination of tuberose, clary sage,
a little bit of orange,
and it actually really does what it says it does.
Like, it's completely uplifting.
This is a brand new favorite,
and I have to squint so I can make sure
I'm putting the right thing on.
This is by Niod, and it's copper.
It's a serum that you do morning and night.
And, I don't know,
it just has incredible energy to it.
Like, your whole face feels uplifted.
And somebody said today
that it actually does tighten your skin,
but it makes it more alive.
Okay, so I've put one of my favorite moisturizers,
which is a Biologique and with an added one,
which is their La Grande creme.
I always put it on my hands first.
One, because is also, it allows you to be
much more gentle with your face and your skin.
And I always like, put any extra down
on your chest, your boobs.
If I've just been working and I have a full face of makeup,
I will usually put on
a mix of different moisturizers
to make sure that I'm like replenishing my skin.
And it's usually a mix of the Biologique,
the Retrouve, and a new oil,
which is also by Ilapothecary,
which is like a Vitamin A, C, D,
all of the above.
But with that for my skin, I just do a few drops,
and you activate it in your hands,
and then you really just pat it on,
and that's pretty much it.
If I'm really feeling like, adventurous.
I'll take the same oil and I'll put it on
my Georgia Louise rose quartz butterfly,
and then you just do this
and you work through all the tension in your face.
Well, it activates the blood flow in your skin
and then kind of moves out all the tension.
You'll see there'll be a lot of blood flow to the skin.
And when you're over 50,
when you feel like your skin is hitting the floor,
this actually is an incredible uplift.
That and smiling.
Smiling's the best free anti-aging secret available.
All right, well I can put one last drop,
just to really replace all that was sucked out of my skin
from the makeup and environment,
and that's it.
Thanks for watching me get naked.