(clears throat and coughs)
- All right, let's get ready for bed.
(upbeat music)
My skin type I would say, it's complicated.
I have a very complicated relationship with my skin.
It is sensitive, I think,
to just changes in water,
particularly because I travel so much.
In the summer it's oily
and in the winter it's very dry,
so it's a combination.
My skincare routine at night is probably
about eight steps.
I know, sounds like a lot.
I swear it's not, just bear with me.
We're gonna get through it (snaps fingers) super quick.
So the first step.
It's a double cleanse because
I'm on camera almost every day or I'm on stage,
and so I tend to wear makeup almost every day.
And so to get all that off, we do an oil cleanse,
and then we do a water-based cleanse.
As you know, water and oil don't mix,
so it's the same thing for your face.
You have oil, you have dirt, SPF,
whatever that's on your face,
you need oil to get it off.
And then you gotta use the water
to get the water soluble stuff off.
Science, guys!
Bill Nye would be so proud, right Bill?
So these are Solved Skincare's Coconut Oil Cleansing Pads.
And these I have been using for years,
and I absolutely love it.
They're great to travel with.
They are just so convenient,
and people get freaked out 'cause people are like,
oh, coconut oil is bad for your face.
Well these have been made for skincare,
so you know, I think when there was a big coconut oil phase,
everybody tried to put coconut oil on everything.
They're like, oh wait,
that's probably not the right way to do it.
But these have been formulated for skincare,
so I've never had a problem with them.
Hopefully if you try them, they're great for you too.
They smell delicious.
They smell like coconut, because it's coconut oil.
It's like this, and they're like,
have bumps on 'em, so you can like, wipe all of it off.
And you have a little slot in the back.
So you put your fingers in.
All right.
You're gonna see a barefaced Eric Nam.
Barefaced and beautiful.
I'm just gonna go and get all this off.
Makeup, makeup, makeup, makeup.
I came across them in Korea,
and somebody had brought them to me
and I was like, whoa, these are awesome.
And I have been evangelizing for it since I came across 'em.
And this is like the one product
that I will always carry around with me.
So I would highly recommend it.
For people who do oil cleansing,
one pad for me gets everything off.
Once you get the oil on, you can flip it around
and use it for like, your eyes, if you need.
And it feels like you're giving your face a little massage.
It exfoliates everything, too.
That.
And then I just kinda like to rub it in sometimes,
just to make sure I get it all out.
And then I'm just gonna wash it off.
All right, so.
Obviously when you wash oil off,
it's gonna emulsify and become this white stuff.
Once I have a lot of the oil off,
I then use their Coconut Water Cleansing Foam.
I really like this because you'll see,
but the foam that comes out of it
is like super, super fine and velvety,
so it feels like a cloud on your face.
It has a pH balance of, I think it's like 5.5,
which is perfect for your skin,
and it leaves your face clean
without stripping everything out.
Every once in a while you'll find a cleanser
and you just feel really dry afterwards.
This doesn't do that, which is why I really like it.
People ask me all the time
what I use for my skincare.
All my friends who come to Korea are always like,
what's the best this or that or whatever?
And because I've been using makeup for like 10 years now,
I used to have breakouts all the time
and so I did a lot of research into how can I stop myself
from having breakouts?
And I read it.
And reading is good for you, kids.
Rub it in.
Get your neck, because your neck needs to be cared for, too.
Gonna rinse this off, too.
Okay, wow (panting).
I live.
All right, we're clean, we're clean, we're good.
So my next step is a toner.
A toner, from what I've been told,
is gonna start to remoisturize your face.
I am born and raised in Atlanta.
I do have a southern accent
that only comes around when I'm in the South.
(speaking in southern accent) I talk like this
the entire show, y'all.
Hey y'all, how y'all doin'?
Welcome to my show.
We're gonna have some songs tonight.
Anyways, this next step is also from Solved Skincare.
As you can tell, I really like this brand
because all of it is very natural
and just natural ingredients.
This is coconut water,
and it has hibiscus and rose hip toner.
And this is what it looks like.
And they have actual flower petals inside.
People like to put it on cotton pads.
I'm honestly too lazy for cotton pads and cotton balls,
so I just go like that.
I'm sure it does the same thing.
Why waste cotton in that way?
People are always like, you do so many things
for your skincare.
Isn't it annoying?
Not if you do it the way I do it.
You pour it in your hand and you slap it on your face.
That's about it.
Here's the thing, the other thing that,
when I do my makeup and they do my skin for me,
they always do this thing to my face.
I'm like, what are you doing?
Why do you do that?
And they're like, oh, it helps get it into your skin.
If you have time and if you're bored,
you can do like this (patting face).
It's a real thing.
And then, I really like this.
This is from Fresh, and it's Black Tea Kombucha
Facial Treatment Essence.
There it is.
I think I fell for it just because it sounds so healthy.
Kombucha's supposed to be healthy,
black tea's supposed to be healthy.
Even says anti-pollution and age delay.
And who doesn't wanna delay age?
Same thing here, I just put some on my hand
and I just slap it on my face.
And I like to follow it up with this because
this is supposed to, actually I don't know what essence does
but I think it's supposed to prime it for other stuff.
But I like it 'cause it smells good,
and it feels like it's really starting
to remoisturize my face.
And then I usually go for a clear moisturizer.
And recently I've been using.
Clinique, you have this jelly,
and then they have these pod things that you can stick in
for whatever your ideal situation is.
And I think the orange one is to like,
add liveliness to your face.
I don't know how you add liveliness, but,
that's what they said.
So, I do a pump of that.
And look.
And then you just slap it on your face, too.
I'm sure somebody's like, he's not doing it right.
Don't care.
This is right for me.
So we did that.
What step is that?
One, two, three, four, five.
Five, look so easy.
We've done five.
Then I do L'Occitane Immortelle Reset.
And I know it's French and I'm pronouncing it wrong.
I'm sorry.
Take it, put it on my face.
My entire family is into skincare.
It's three brothers, my mom and dad,
and I think what, moving to Korea, living in Korea,
everybody really is obsessive about looking good
and having great skin.
Before I got there, maybe I used a moisturizer
every once in a while if my face felt like it was splitting,
but otherwise I really didn't.
And what I realized is when you're breaking out,
oftentimes you're breaking out
because your face is lacking moisture or hydration
and it's your pores reacting to it.
And so, I tried to figure out
what is the best way to do that.
And because Korea has so much great skincare,
I started to receive a lot of product.
I tried a lot of 'em, and this is what I'm doing recently.
Then I put on an eye cream.
I've tried a lot, and I think this is my favorite.
It's Estee Lauder Advanced Night Repair Eye.
And I need it 'cause I don't really sleep.
If you're on camera all the time,
you gotta look good all the time,
and this kinda keeps my eyes sane.
Buying this was a very big awakening moment for me
because I had only seen my aunt use this.
And I was like, am I a woman in my 60s?
But then I realized that I actually think skincare,
it's all the same, it's just packaging.
So, men's or women's, it doesn't really matter.
It's just whatever fits your skin the best,
and this has been awesome.
So, I just slather it onto my eye.
Mmm.
It feels so good.
And people are oftentimes like,
aren't you too young to be using
age delay advanced night repair?
Well you heard about immunizations, right?
They're real and they're necessary.
I consider this immunization and protection
for aging and good skin.
And then we have one more.
I tend to kinda switch between
all different types of moisturizers,
depending on the seasons.
My most regular.
Hold on.
I tend to switch it up a lot.
My most regular moisturizer recently
has been this one right here.
Embryolisse.
It's actually, I was freaked out
because it says it's a makeup primer.
But I use it just for as my last moisturizer
because it's really thick.
It's not oily, but it really keeps your face hydrated,
and when you're sleeping, it's great.
This stuff, just a little bit will go a long way.
But anyways, since it's already in my,
forget it, let's go.
Oh yeah!
If you get a little extra, you just put it all over.
Get it on your neck, you put it on your hands.
That's it.
I know this took, I know it took a long time
but it's because I'm explaining it to you.
I swear to you, if you do this,
done in minute-and-a-half, two minutes.
I think I'm such a big proponent of skincare
because good skin makes you feel good
and it gives you confidence
and you can face the day however way you want it.
And if you're feeling good, you're a better version of you.
Take care of your skin.
I feel like I'm always preaching this
and my friends are always like, yeah, whatever.
Take care of yourself.
So yeah, that's pretty much my skincare routine at night.
The only thing that's different during the day
is I add an SPF because you should protect
your skin from the sun.
Typically I like candles and I like scents,
so I recently came across this candle.
Oh, it smells so good.
It's Byredo.
I know, it literally says bougie parfumee.
That's definitely poor French.
Bougie parfumee, parfumee.
I don't know, but it smells delicious.
I usually light a candle and I'll have a tea,
and I play some music.
Usually it's my music that I'm writing
and just going through iterations
and trying to figure out is there a better way
to sing a certain line or rewrite a certain lyric.
And I kinda tend to do that before I go to bed.
Well, hope you guys enjoyed my skincare routine.
I had a great time teaching it to you.
Please take care of yourself.
Be happy, be healthy, and be good.
I'm on tour.
I have a new album, it's called Before We Begin.
I hope that you guys enjoy it
and I'll see you very soon.
Have a good night, bye.
(relaxed music)
