(Pleasant techno music)
(dinging bell)
- Let's get un-ready.
Okay, so my skin type is combination.
I have combination skin, sometimes it's dry,
sometimes it's oily.
I tend to get shine on my forehead, my nose,
and then during the summertime, my skin
is obviously a little bit more oily.
And then, during wintertime it tends to be very dry.
And I still live in Minnesota so,
winter is really long and cold.
I'm gonna wash my hands first.
And then we're gonna dive into the skin care.
So, we're gonna start with step number one.
This product is the Tatcha Pure One Step
Camellia Cleansing Oil.
What I'm doing is,
I'm gonna put a little bit
of the cleansing oil onto the rag
and basically remove my makeup.
Okay so, I'll be honest, I've been watching the videos
and one of my favorite is Serena's,
and so seeing that she used coconut oil to remove her makeup
and that she's been doing it for awhile,
really inspired me to start using cleansing oils more often
to remove makeup, opposed to just wipes,
or just going straight into washing.
Look at how much foundation and concealer
that it already removed, and it really feels gentle
on the skin.
And, Serena Williams recommended,
so do I have to say anymore?
Another thing that I learned is,
you have to be gentle when you're washing your face,
drying your face, you don't wanna go in
and ever rub too hard, 'cause you might damage your skin
and you have to treat it very gentle.
So, we're gonna move to step number two,
but as you can see, I left the oil on,
because this is actually a double whammy.
So, on one hand, you're using the oil
to kinda like grease your face, remove the makeup,
but you're leaving it on.
And, we're gonna go and use the Tatcha Rice Polish Classic,
and this is basically an exfoliant.
It comes in the form of a powder.
And I'm gonna put a little bit on my hands
and add water, and it's gonna create a foam.
This is like a little baby science project
because, poof, went in the powder
and then came out the foam.
And this, we're gonna apply all over my face
to basically get the foam working.
Whatever products you use on your face,
make sure you're giving that same love and nurture
to your neck, because the neck and the ears,
they also need attention.
For me, what works is exfoliating, maybe once,
twice a week, max, because a good cleanse is supposed
to clean your face, and then you're also removing makeup,
but you don't need to necessarily constantly be exfoliating
your skin, because it can actually make your skin really dry
and take away all the essential oils and your natural oils.
Too much of anything is bad,
and exfoliating is not an exception.
Another great skincare line is Dermalogica.
I'm obsessed with their moisturizers.
I'm obsessed with their cleansers.
So yeah, don't be afraid to just shop around.
And we all have different skincare needs
and you almost have to test different lines out
to see what is most compatible with your skin.
So, our next step is using the Tatcha Luminous Skin Mist.
The reason why I'm obsessed with this product is a,
I use it on the plane quite often.
You know, planes are very drying.
I tend to fly a lot, and this is just the easiest skincare
to use, because you're basically just spraying your face.
You could have makeup on, you could not have makeup on,
and you spray two or three times,
and you immediately feel your skin hydrated.
I feel like I have a nice glow to my skin after I use it.
And, it's just easy to use.
(lid clicking)
So, another really important key
is not forgetting to take care of your lips.
So, I really love this.
It's by BITE Cosmetics, and it's the Agave Lip Balm.
I think the lips are also a really important part
of the nighttime skincare routine.
Our next step is moisturizer.
And I love using the Tatcha Moisturizer.
First of all, it comes in the cutest little packaging and,
it's perfect for traveling, I throw it in my purse
and use it on the plane.
The transformation that my skin has gone through
ever since I started using Tatcha products six months ago
has just been really unbelievable.
So, the way I tend to apply my moisturizers
is I like to focus on the three points of my face.
My cheeks, okay, I said three, but we're gonna go for four.
You know, I wear the hijab, so today,
I can't obviously show you my full nighttime routine,
but I'm still going into my neck to show you
that it's still an important part of your face.
But, usually when I'm at home,
I will take whatever the product is that I'm putting
on my face, and I will actually go down all the way
to where my collar bone is, and make sure that my neck
is also getting the same products.
I go up to my ears and make sure
that I'm moisturizing them too.
That's a lot of products to be using,
but then, it really makes a difference
because then your skin is very uniform.
Another thing I really love doing is just taking this time,
when applying my moisturizer, whether it's in the morning,
whether it's at nighttime, to massage my skin.
It's a moment of reflection.
If it's nighttime, I tend to, when I'm doing my skin care,
I tend to think of, you know like,
reflecting on how my day went,
if it's morning time, I tend to take that time
to plan out my day.
So, skin care can be a spiritual thing as well.
It's a moment of reflection, but it's also a moment
to remind myself some of the most important mantras
I carry in my life, and that's basically two things.
It's always been, don't change yourself, change the game.
I love that quote because I apply it to my life,
I always have, and I think part of the reason
why I've had so much success in fashion
and being the first hijab-wearing model,
and going on to become a UNICEF ambassador
is because I remain true to myself and in doing that,
it's changed the game, and now it's opened doors
for so many women in my community,
to go out and pave the way, and make their own firsts.
It's just an incredible thing to keep in mind
as I'm starting my day, or if I'm going to bed.
The second thing is really simple sis,
it's basically don't sleep with makeup on.
So, honey is a really good anti-inflammatory skin protectant
and basically, I apply it to my face,
and every time I get a little bit of a break-out,
by using honey, my skin just basically goes back
to its natural state, and blemishes and pimples and acne,
they tend to go away naturally, simply by using honey.
Aloe vera, same thing, it's naturally hydrating.
Sometimes I'll cut up the Aloe vera,
cut it up into little pieces, stick it in the fridge,
take it out, and just massage my face,
and I notice a huge difference immediately.
And turmeric,
well, turmeric is African's best kept secret
because my momma, my grandma,
it's been a generational thing,
even since my family was back in Somalia,
because it naturally brightens the skin, it's very organic,
and you see a difference immediately in your skin.
But sometimes, if you go too crazy,
I've also had times where I would go to school
and people would be like, uh, are you a little yellow?
Do you have a little yellow tint to your skin?
So make sure that, when you use turmeric,
be very gentle with it, period.
So, our last and final step is the Dermalogica
Under-eye Multivitamin Power Firm.
Age-smart Dermalogica Under Eye Cream.
(lips smacking)
I just think the under-eye area is really important
to focus on, give it that same love and care and nurture.
And make sure that you're taking care of your under-eye.
So, that was my nighttime skincare routine.
Thank you so much for watching.
(lips smacking)
(pleasant techno music)