- Hey, what's up. I'm Harry Shum Jr.
And I would love for you to come to bed with me.
Come to bed with me.
Come to me before I go to bed.
Hang out with me before...
That thing.
(upbeat music)
A little bit about my skincare background.
It is a sad one.
When I was younger, I had really bad acne.
I didn't know how to really take care of my skin.
I used bar soap to wash my face, unfortunately,
that didn't really do good things to my face.
As I broke out a lot, had a lot of acne.
I had to go on a whole bunch of different...
I didn't go on medication, but you know,
I was trying all these different like acne stuff
and it just never really worked.
So, it left some scars in the inside and on the outside.
But I'm good now because I have figured it out
or, I forgot some help.
So, I met... When I met my wife,
she I realized that I was not using good products.
So, she said, "Hey, you should use face wash
and, you know, use the moisturizer that I use."
Ever since then, that's what I've been doing.
Anyways, let's get right into it.
I switch on and off and lately she's been using Acure.
So, it's this face wash
that is a brightening cleansing gel.
Has pomegranate, has blackberry and acai.
Acai right? Not a acai?
And it's 100% vegan.
This is my favorite part,
it's 0% pretentious
'cause I don't like putting anything pretentious on my face.
Has to be 0% pretentious.
It's paraben free, sulfate free, mineral oil free,
petroleum free, formaldehyde free
and it's cruelty free.
You know, it's not like, mean to my face.
Not like... I just want it to be nice.
I'm all about the nice gentle cleansing wash.
I'm kidding.
Cruelty means they don't, you know, test it on animals.
Anyways. So, this is what I use,
but this is my favorite one, 'cause four...
you're only supposed to use this three times a week,
but four to five times once a week,
I actually use this face buff.
It's Jack Black.
Didn't know Jack Black makes skincare.
I'm just kidding. It's not that Jack Black.
But it would be awesome if it was that Jack Black.
Vitamin C and mint.
So, it's gonna feel tingly.
Let's get to washing.
Alright. So, you wet the face
and then you put a little bit...
I would say about a dime size, around there.
What I do is I pat it around
and I start a gentle scrub.
Now, one of the things that I get a lot,
mainly dudes is like,
"Dude, I don't even wash my face, man. I don't really care."
That's cool, you know? I ain't hating.
But, I've noticed a feeling of just freshness
and also the fact that I used to have, like, oily skin
and now it's kind of like combo.
So, it's oily and dry.
I've noticed myself over time
you just start to feel, like, lighter in your face.
I don't know if that's even possible.
Outside of like washing your face, taking of your skin,
just drink a lot of water, that's gonna help.
Being an actor, you wear a lot of makeup.
Makeup artists use... I was just drinking like,
so much water, about eight or nine classes a day
and she noticed a difference compared to, you know,
the previous week when I wasn't drinking as much water.
And it just makes sense.
Your face is hydrated. What the hell?
It's not rocket science.
For this you just do small circles.
This is what I was taught.
And it's gentle. So, you don't wanna scrub too hard.
The first time I did, it was super red
and I got yelled at 'cause I was doing it wrong.
But, I think this is right.
I look like a vampire right now.
So, we're gonna wash it off.
Some people hate the cold water
but I love it.
It wakes me up to go to bed.
That didn't make sense.
And then this is the best part.
(grunting)
So, don't scrub,
'cause I used to do that
and it's not good for your face.
Here we have the moisturizer, and this is
Fresh Lotus Youth Preserve Moisturizer.
You see this?
This is the good stuff.
With multi action super lotus,
not just lotus, but super lotus.
What I like about this, it's pretty thick,
but you just don't put a lot.
Ever since this fell from the skies onto my counter.
I'm just kidding.
This is what... My wife really loves this stuff.
And I mean, look at this,
it's pretty thick.
This is how much I put.
It's okay, it didn't break.
So, you put about this much.
What I do is I
kind of like spackle, you know, you just put it around,
spread it out a little bit.
You gently spread it out
like you're putting peanut butter on a piece of bread
that hasn't been toasted.
So, you gotta be gentle
'cause if you're too hard on it,
you're gonna scrape off the inside of the bread
and it's gonna be a mess.
And it's gonna look ugly.
Sometimes if I don't get enough,
just put just a tiny bit more.
Give it a few slaps.
So again, you're waking up to go to sleep.
Don't do that. I'm weird.
So, you might not wanna do that.
Anyways, that is it.
That is my nighttime routine.
I'm glad that you came to bed with me.
I appreciate you spending your time watching me wash my face
and hope that helps you.
And if it does, then you can thank my wife.
And if it doesn't, then you can also thank my wife.
So, I appreciate y'all and good night.
(upbeat music)