- Okay, I am not a pretty sight when I wash my face,
I look like a fish gasping for air or gasping for water.
They don't gasp for air, they're underwater,
gasping for water.
(upbeat music)
I am so excited to be able to show you my skincare routine,
because I am usually used to reacting to skincare routines.
I'm not used to showing other people my skincare routine
and especially because it's switching so often,
I feel like there's no sense of normalcy,
but now I'm excited to reveal it to you guys,
because so many of you have been asking and yeah,
this is just gonna be fun, I'm looking forward to it.
Also, I hope that you can appreciate that I'm wearing a robe
because it's low key 85 degrees,
and I'm actually pretty hot, but you know what?
I wanted to stick with wearing a robe
because it's a Go To Bed With Me.
I don't get this chance every day.
You are also joined with me in my room,
not in my bathroom because my bathroom
is the size of a shoe box
and I figured that you probably don't wanna be seeing
up my nostrils my entire skincare routine,
so we're here instead.
So I may have to run in and out out to wash my face.
I'm going to be using in total one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight products with one skincare tool.
So nine products all together.
I'm really excited to go through them
because these are some new goodies that I found
that I haven't shared with many people.
So, first thing I do is I use a cleansing balm,
I'm specifically using the Then I Met You
Living Cleansing Balm.
I like this one because, well,
I like cleansing balms in general
because they're a great way of just dissolving the sunscreen
and excess oil and dirt buildup that has accumulated
throughout the day off of your skin.
Cleansing oils are nice, but sometimes they can be
a little bit messy, which is why I like cleansing balms.
But typically I don't go for a lot of cleansing balms
because they have an ingredient called polyethylene,
which is plastic.
And I kind of don't want to be putting plastic on my face
and having it go down the drain.
And this one is polyethylene free,
which is why I really like it.
So I usually just take a little bit,
there's some skincare ASMR.
This stuff is like a mango smoothie on the skin.
I love applying it because it applies so smoothly
and it's formulated with a lot of rich, hydrating oils
that are really great for nourishing the skin,
which I think is awesome because the cleansing system
can usually be a little bit stripping to the skin.
And a lot of people don't realize that cleansing
can be the most damaging part of the skincare routine
if we're not careful.
And I really like that this one is formulated
with so many oils to just really soften and nourish my skin.
It does have fragrance and anyone who watches my channel
knows that I do not like fragrance,
but I'm okay with it in a wash off treatment.
So in my wash off treatments is when I get to
splurge a little bit,
because it's not gonna be on my face very long.
It's gonna be on there for like a maximum of 30 seconds
before I rinse it off.
So I'm not really gonna see any sensitivities
or risks associated with fragrance.
I make sure to get on my under eye area.
So I don't forget there and just gently work it
into the skin everywhere.
I always used to think cleansing oils and cleansing balms
were for people who wore makeup every day,
but I actually think they should be used by everyone
because sunscreen is a tricky little thing
to get off your skin.
And especially with the amount of sunscreen I wear,
which is hint a lot, a lot every single day,
I'm like anal about making sure I avoid the sun
as much as possible.
The cleansing balm is definitely smart for me.
And then after I make sure I've gotten
every part of my skin,
I just rinse it off with water and then immediately go in
with my cleanser, which I just do all in one swoop.
My favorite cleanser,
the one that I have to use all the time,
otherwise my skin freaks out is the
Youth To The People, kale and green tea spinach cleanser.
This one, I don't know why my skin gets so upset
every time I discontinue using this from my routine,
I'll try to experiment with new cleansers and my skins like,
what the heck, bro, why did you do that?
So this one is a pretty integral part of my routine.
I also really like it because I have combination
to more oily skin and being that it is summer right now
and Hawaiian, it's very humid, of course.
I tend to be really, really oily.
So I need a cleanser that's going to deeply cleanse my skin,
get everything out of my pores
to make sure that they're not clogged,
they're not gonna accumulate dead skin cells
and dirt over time.
And this one does a great job of doing that.
But my skin doesn't feel overly stripped afterwards,
which is tricky to find because some cleansers
I find work so well that afterwards, my skin is like
(gasp) gasping for water.
It's like the Sahara Desert.
Again, so I'm gonna rinse off and start applying this.
So usually I take about a full pump
and it's just gently massage it into my skin.
Last time I did this on video,
my eyes ended up burning so badly
because I'm not used to having my eyes open
while cleansing my skin
and my eyes are very, very, very sensitive.
So I'm gonna be very careful, maybe close my eyes for this.
I found that sometimes this cleanser can be
a little bit too harsh during the winter time
because during the winter my skin tends to dry out
a lot more, especially in the cheek area.
It gets really, really dry.
And anytime I travel to the mainland, whew,
my skin gets so, so, so dry.
I actually used to struggle with eczema a lot.
Thankfully I don't anymore,
being in a more humid environment, but yeah,
this cleanser really only works
for when it's particularly humid
and my skin is being extra oily.
Okay, once I feel that my skin is clean enough,
I go over to the bathroom.
I'm still not opening my eyes
and this is gonna be a struggle trying to walk to the sink
to wash my face off.
But you know, I'm gonna do my best, wish me luck.
Wow, I made it over to the bathroom with my eyes closed
and I did not spill on my shirt, cha chow.
Don't always win that battle, but today I did, I guess, woo.
Also if you notice that my skin is a little bit red,
I have reactive skin, I don't have sensitive skin.
My skin can actually handle a lot of products,
ingredients, testing, et cetera, et cetera,
but it is reactive.
If the wind blows my skin's like inflammation instantly.
Next I go in with a new step that I haven't been using
for very long, it's the Isntree Green Tea Fresh Toner.
Now, normally I'm not a big toner person,
'cause I don't really feel that they're necessary
to a skincare routine, but this product,
the first ingredient is green tea extract.
The first ingredient, and it's like super affordable
and normally products with that high of a concentration
of green tea, heck even less of a concentration of green tea
are super, super expensive.
So I was pleasantly surprised to find this.
And I also don't use a cotton pad.
I just put it in my palms and pat it into my skin.
You know, it's funny, my nighttime routine
was not always this complete.
I used to be extremely bad at doing a nighttime routine,
but once I figured out to put my nighttime skincare
right next to my bed and all have my cellar water there
to just like do my entire skincare routine
while laying down,
I slowly started getting into a nighttime skincare routine
until now, which I'm like fully addicted.
But for anyone out there who is struggling to keep up
with a consistent nighttime routine,
I'm always recommending that
because it definitely helped my skin.
I also really like using the ingredient green tea
because it's great for soothing inflammation, redness.
It also may have some anti-aging benefits.
It's just overall a really good skin healing agent
that I really like to use.
So after that stuff, I make sure my skin is completely dry
before I go in with the next one.
And that's important because the next product I use
is from Versed, it's the Press Restart Gentle Retinol Serum.
Retinol is one of my favorite ingredients
for just repairing so much damage within the skin.
It's so well-researched,
there's so many benefits to it and I think it's a must,
especially considering how much sun exposure I get here
and just the stressors and the fact
that I do age so quickly,
retinol is a must step in my skincare routine.
For a few months, I went off of retinol
and I've been slowly making my way back into it.
And this one's a more gentle formula,
so it's better and more ideal to make sure that my skin
doesn't freak out when I start to use it.
And I've been using it for a couple of weeks
and so far I've been really enjoying the experience.
It's funny though, so many people are like,
"Oh my gosh, you can't use retinol,
"You're too young to use retinol."
et cetera, et cetera and I think what a lot of people
don't realize is that the reason I started
my skincare YouTube channel is because of aging
that I was seeing in my skin.
I had wrinkles all over my face,
deep set one on my forehead, underneath my eyes.
And before that,
I never really thought anything of skincare.
I thought it was just something like older ladies use
because they wanted to feel fancy.
But as soon as I started using the skincare
and I started incorporating exfoliant's
into my skincare routine and retinol,
I quickly realized that it was actually effective
because the wrinkles in my face were going away.
And now thankfully I've managed to keep them at bay
for some time, we'll see how long that lasts.
I'm very expressive and I'm white, so I age like a raisin.
So I just took two pumps of that and applied it
into my skin. One of the reasons I like that one
is because retinol typically, usually comes in very thick,
heavy creams, and I wanna be able to utilize retinol,
but also be able to apply other products
on top of it afterwards.
This one is a must in my skincare routine,
the Great Barrier Relief from Krave Beauty.
When I first found this product, I was in such a dark place.
I don't know where I was before this,
this like saved my skin.
Which sounds dramatic, but hello, that's me.
This one I specifically love because what it focuses on
is helping to repair the skin's moisture barrier.
And I think what we don't realize is that we tend
to just pummel our skin with so many treatments.
At least I do, so that sometimes I forget that, you know,
the health of the skin is just as important
as seeing results.
And those two things are not interchangeable.
Your skin can be seeing really good results
in terms of like exfoliation and retinol,
but not be adequately healthy.
And this is a great product for just making sure
that my moisture barrier is as strong as possible.
And when I started using this product,
I immediately noticed that the redness in my face was gone.
My skin was more hydrated, I didn't need to worry
about as much accessible oiliness throughout the day
because it's formulated with niacinamide.
It has to tamanu oil, so I started noticing a brightness
and getting rid of dark spots and sun spots on my face,
just so many different benefits that I started noticing
from this product.
So after I apply that product,
I go in with a final moisturizer
because this alone, it can be used as a moisturizer,
but I would say it doesn't have enough inclusive agents
to really form the protective seal
to prevent me from losing water through my skin overnight.
If you know that process,
it's called transepidermal water loss,
I am constantly talking about it,
but I just wanna always make sure that I have a final seal
to prevent any of that water loss.
But I don't like going in with really heavy creams
after doing this many products,
which is why I have been absolutely loving
the Rovectin Clean Water Cream.
It comes with little stickers
that you can put up the bottle, so I customize my own.
It's cute.
This one I love because it's formulated
with a crazy high concentration of Lotus,
which is great for reducing sensitivity
and irritation in the face and also for
potentially being anti-aging and antioxidant properties.
But I specifically love this one
because it's a very lightweight water cream.
So absorbs into the skin so quickly
and does not feel heavy.
I've actually been really liking using this one
during the day
because I can ensure that it will not make my skin
look really oily or greasy.
Something that's really important to me,
particularly during the summer.
I always make sure I apply on the neck.
Funny enough, dragging upwards on my neck
actually creates a lot of redness and irritation.
So I usually just pat it into my neck
and what I also do with my moisturizer
is I always make sure to pat it into my skin afterwards,
because I don't know why, maybe this is true,
maybe it's not true,
but I feel like my products absorb so much better
once I pat it into my skin.
And I don't know if that's because
it's actually being absorbed by the skin more
or if it's just being absorbed by my fingers more.
I have no idea, let me know down below,
'cause I would love to know
the scientific explanation behind that.
As some of you may notice that most of these products
are actually Korean and that's because
I love Korean skincare.
I just feel like it encapsulates so much of just the modern,
innovative perspective that Korean skincare technology
can bring and just incredible ingredients and formulas.
Just everything that I love about skincare
in non irritating formulas.
One thing that's very prevalent on my channel
in terms of messaging is going towards skincare
that's not going to irritate your skin,
but contribute to the health of your skin.
And that's something that I definitely try to focus on
within my own skincare routine.
Sometimes I wish I could just be like a model
when I apply my skincare routine like.
(upbeat music)
But no, it's like World War Three over here on my face,
I've gotten better, I've gotten a lot better.
I used to be like man handling my face
when I applied my skincare routine.
Now I'm much more gentle,
but that doesn't mean it's beautiful.
So I apologize to anyone who's watching.
All right, once I pop that into my skin,
I go in with lips next
because my lips tend to get really dry
and I think overnight is a great time for me
to just make sure I'm really moisturizing my lips
so I don't have to apply a lip balm
as much throughout the day.
The one that I've been really loving
is the Milk Makeup Melatonin Lip Mask.
I think there's a lot of like underrated benefits
to melatonin in skincare and I specifically like this one
because it's very thick.
It's very hydrating and it's gonna make sure
that I do not wake up with dry lips.
The only thing I don't like about this one
is that it is formulated with lavender oil.
So, to me that I would consider that fragrance,
but with lip products,
it's so hard to find fragrance-free formulas
that are actually really effective
at keeping the skin moist overnight.
And this one works really well.
(lips popping)
Okay, and then for the final step,
I go in with the skincare tool
that I actually have not talked about on my channel before.
So I'm so excited to provide an exclusive look
into my skincare routine.
It's actually a Cooling Globe
and it would be Cooling Globes, plural,
if I hadn't have broken the other one
and it leaked out everywhere and got onto my carpet
and stained it.
So love that.
But you know, I just have one for now, but it's okay,
it's the same tool, it's just takes double the time,
but it's still so nice.
I love using this both at nighttime or in the morning,
specifically in the morning on the under eye area,
because it really de-puffs the face.
But overall, I just like it
because typically with a lot of these like cooling tools
that I've used in the past,
sometimes they create such a heavy layer
of like condensation on the outside
that it almost feels like you're just kind of
smothering water all over your face.
And it feels like it's almost breaking up
the skincare formula, but this one,
I never noticed that.
It really glides across the skin,
helps to further push your skincare products
into your skin without leaving traces of water
across the surface of your skin.
And I always just leave this in the fridge overnight.
And I always try to move it upwards in a lifting motion,
'cause there's really no reason to be dragging downwards,
like your skin does not like that.
It does not mean more gravitational pull.
No sir, not today.
Normally when I have to, I do it so pretty.
I'm not like Mr. T-Rex Claws, trying to push it
all over my face, normally it's very like
visually aesthetic, but alas the second one broke,
but thankfully these ones are actually really affordable.
I got this from Sephora and I think they're like 20 bucks,
so not bad.
We stand affordability.
And I like to go on the neck as well and just push upwards.
And this is just such a nice step just to like, (sigh)
calm down, you know, focus on just like self care time.
I think sometimes even with me,
I tend to be so rushed in my life that I
really rush through my skincare routine
and using this is kind of a moment for me
to just reflect and think about the self care part
of skincare and have like a little bit of
a meditative moment.
I know I'm definitely guilty of looking at skincare
from a utility standpoint where I'm like,
"I have this problem, how do I fix it?
"Let me use that, as fast as possible."
And that's not usually the best way
to go about using skincare.
I think self care and indulgence and meditation
is just as important for a skincare routine
as is utility and repairing a problem within the skin.
And I think tapping into both of those
is where you can really find a passion for skincare.
That's definitely what turned it from just an interest
into a passion for me,
and also just being able to feel so good about yourself
once you start seeing good results within your skin.
I think it's so powerful.
And that's one thing on my channel that I think brings me
the most joy.
True, true joy is seeing how people's skin
has improved per recommendation of other creators or me,
and seeing just the confidence that comes along
with their skin being glowy, healthy, happy.
Ugh, it's just, it's so cool to see how much
of positive difference it's made in people's lives.
And it's what drives me to keep doing what I do.
Actually before getting into cosmetics,
I struggled with a severe eating disorder
and it was really difficult to find,
well, I had never had a moment where I looked at myself
in the mirror and thought to myself, "Wow, I'm beautiful."
You know, and it wasn't until I started using cosmetics
that it really unlocked that opportunity for me
to see the beauty within myself.
And it wasn't about the products,
It wasn't about anything, you know, material.
It was just a pathway to be able to open my eyes
to my beauty that I possess, inner and outer.
And that's one thing I just love about skin care
is that I think sometimes it can really be
the unnecessary key to unlocking the door of confidence
for a lot of people.
It's not the confidence itself,
it opens up an opportunity for people
to be able to see themselves in a better light.
And what price can you put on that.
Once I started recognizing my own beauty,
that's when the recovery became a lot easier,
a lot more enjoyable to manage as I slowly got better.
And I think everyone deserves to see themselves
in that same light.
I don't think anyone should be excluded
from seeing the beauty within themselves.
Wow, we're getting emotional.
No, not really.
See, this is why I love this part of the skincare routine,
I can just. (sigh)
Have this reflective, meditative moment
and you guys just got to be with me for that,
so double bonus.
Oh right, and after we finish that,
I am finished with my skincare routine
and this is where I pass out.
I knock out, I wake up glowy, happy and hydrated,
which is the goal always.
But yeah, this was my entire skincare routine.
I hope each of you really enjoyed watching.
I know I definitely had fun, as I usually don't get to,
you know, show my own skincare routine.
Thank you to all of the people who are watching this.
And I can't wait to see if any of you react
to my skincare routine and roast me
because I will be looking forward to every shady comment.
But thank you so much everyone.
And I will see you in the next video, mwah.
(upbeat music)
