(energetic electronic music)
- Let's get unready, bitches.
(energetic electronic music)
So, the first thing I do before I go to bed
is wash my face, but I need to put up my hair
or else it gets in all the soap
and it's annoying, so.
So I feel like I have some dryness going on,
so I'm gonna use a little bit of a scrub
and with this you don't want to exfoliate
more than like a few times a week
because then your skill will just get really weird
so I tend to do it probably like twice a week.
I should probably have taken off my earrings,
but (laughing).
I gotta close my eyes, bye.
Oh wow, lookin' good.
I only had like a tinted moisturizer
and some mascara and stuff on,
but I love the feeling of taking off my makeup.
Like, I hate wearing makeup.
I feel like that has a lot to do with having good skin
is like just make sure you wash off all your makeup
before you go to bed because it is the worst
just leaving the makeup on.
So I still have some mascara left on my eyes.
I'm gonna use this cleansing oil because it's again,
not harsh on your eyes and it gets rid of the excess
makeup you might have around the eye area.
So I put a little bit on and dab it like that
and I just brush under and over
to get rid of that raccoon eye. (chuckling)
So next is my mask process.
I have two here, the Charlotte and Lancome one.
I think I'm gonna use the Lancome one today
because it is for some dry skin and it's super hydrating.
So yeah, I'm gonna use the Youthful Radiance Mask
infused with serum today.
Hopefully that using,
that was my British accent.
I'm not very good at it, but I tried.
That's another thing I practice every night
before I go to bed when I'm alone,
which tends to be a lot of the time.
Oh yeah, yeah that's the good stuff right there.
Oh yeah.
So again, my skin is dry so I like using
anything that's a hydrating mask
especially if I'm somewhere where it's like winter weather.
I'm from Toronto so my skin would get so dry in the winter
and I just feel like these masks really help with that,
with that extra hydration that my face needs.
And then everything excess, I rub it down to my neck
because the last thing I want is a wrinkly neck.
It's not cute.
This is the time when I just start dancing.
(rhythmic electronic music)
And I'm done.
Oh. (laughing)
So now,
there's all that moisture
and I just like getting it all out
and getting it really in there.
Okay,
mask complete.
So, this is my life.
So this one is made by Herbivore.
It's Jasmine Green Tea and it's a balancing toner.
I love it because it just gives me
that extra moisture once again.
Just put a little in there too.
Any time my face feels kind of like tense,
I don't know how to explain it.
Even if I have makeup on, I'll just spray that on top
and it's fine, just like, air it out and you're good.
So this is an active serum.
I take
like one,
two,
three drops and pat it and you just literally
pat it all over.
It gives you this like tingly sensation
and I just feel like this gets rid of
any extra redness or blemishes I may have.
Next is under eye cream which I find
to be the most important.
I have two different eye creams that I use.
There's either the Le Mieux. (chuckling)
The Le Mieux which is like an eye wrinkle corrector.
That probably is better for more anti-aging
so when I like have extra, if I have a lot of makeup on
and I've taken it off and I feel like it's like really
wrinkly or something, I use that.
And then this one is Sunday Riley.
It's a brightener and de puffer.
I don't even know if I have any left
because I use this one more often.
I have a problem with like dark circles kind of
and it gets puffy easily so this targets that
and I put very little under my eye.
Oh, a note that I used to do a lot of which is so bad,
I thought the more product used the better,
so when I started doing that,
I would get these like little bumps here
and apparently it came from over moisturizing
so definitely don't over use your products.
Just use enough to just fill that area barely.
And then I'll use, this is strange.
I don't know if people do this,
but I'll use this Le Mieux stuff
on parts like my forehead
cause don't want to get wrinkles.
It's a lot of, or my lip lines here.
I don't have it right now,
but I'm just so scared of getting wrinkles
that I just do all this stuff.
Your 20's is when you're supposed to start preventing
your wrinkles from happening,
so I like never go outside without SPF on my face.
Before I go to bed, I make sure I put some kind of like,
around my eyes, like an anti-wrinkle
and even if it's like a little bit on my forehead
or my like, any areas where I'm like,
oh my god, there might like,
I'm starting to get a little bit here.
I just got put on to this.
It's Charlotte Tilbury and it's called a magic mask
and you put it before you go to bed.
There's like a whole system that was set up
on how to put it on, which I learned.
So it's super thick.
Obviously I don't use this every night,
but again, when I'm feeling like my skin's dry,
I take a very little amount and you put it
on the apples of your cheeks, under your jaw
and on top of here and then
you're supposed to apply it like upward
and again, it's a preventative thing.
It's great for like when I'm feeling extra dry.
Like if I have weeks where I've put on a lot of makeup,
I'll use this when I go to bed
and then the next morning my skin will feel
like it's back to normal.
So next is this new product that I just started using.
It's very moisturizing.
It has hyaluronic acid in it and vitamin C
and it's fragrant free,
so I'll definitely travel with this cause
it's a small container and I can bring it on my carryon
and I just, I can put it on before I go to bed
and I wake up feeling great.
I'm just obsessed with it.
It's my new thing that I travel with and go everywhere with.
So yeah, now I'm hydrated.
So I'm obsessed with this.
It's Laneige.
It's a lip sleeping mask.
It usually has a stick,
but I like using my nails and I just put a good chunk on
all over and again, you wash it off
when you wake up in the morning
and it just gives your lips everything
they say moisturize, even them lips.
And now hair.
Gotta get them locks tight.
So, like my hair is long and again, it's dry.
So, if I wash my hair everyday,
it'll just be horrible,
but I'm gonna wash my hair tomorrow morning.
I only wash it like every three days or four days.
I've trained it to not get oily.
But since I know I'm washing it tomorrow morning,
I'm gonna put some, I love Moroccan Oil, of course.
I put a little extra because I want to sleep with it
and I want to make sure it gets all the moisture it needs
and I put it all on my ends
and like look it already looks so much better
and when you sleep on it and then
I'll even put coconut oil sometimes
like all over myself (laughing) if I'm really dry,
but especially in the ends of my hair,
coconut oil works wonders and you wake up
in the morning and just wash it off and you're good.
Then I put a little bit,
well now I can't open anything.
This Kerastase, it's like an oil spray
and for the areas that I just feel like are
even more dry, I kind of spray it on there
and this smells so bomb too.
So now my hair is super moistured up.
I actually would go out with my hair like this, like what?
It actually looks cute right now,
but I'm just going to sleep by myself.
So, I got my final set up.
Let me just tie up my hair again.
Actually now I do it actually in like a tight bun
so that it just sits there and soaks up all of the oils
I just put in.
Okay so, my final step which I find so important,
I feel like a lot of people don't do
is hydrate your body.
So I love these two products.
So this one, I used to work at this place
called Trade Secrets, it's in Toronto,
where they just had a bunch of like beauty products
and stuff like that.
It's kind of like a Sally's and when I used to work there,
I would use this all the time,
but they have it at Costco now
so I got it from there.
This, I love this.
It smells so bomb.
It's not expensive at all and you can put this on,
I put it on my elbows cause I have super ashy elbows.
It's so random and like I have to like exfoliate
my elbows so much in the shower.
So I put this on my areas that need extra moisture,
my elbows, my knees, and on my butt a little bit
because it helps with stretch marks.
I just put a little bit of each
and mix em together because that one's really thick
and this one isn't so thick and
I'm gonna get my foot (chuckling).
Oh my gosh, under my feet,
like you do not want anything dry
and I just feel like I don't do this
especially under my feet if I'm like wearing sandals all day
they're just so dry, so gotta get all up in there.
Put a little bit there and there (laughing).
(claps) I am done and that is my routine
before I go to bed.
(kissing) Goodnight folks.
(energetic electronic music)