(mid-tempo music)
(bell rings)
- Now let's go to bed.
Right now, even though it is bright out,
I have just gotten off a red eye.
So this is technically my night time,
so I'm sharing my nighttime routine with you guys.
So I'm going to start out with is
Chanel's Bi-Phase Eye Makeup Remover.
I just put some of that on to a cotton pad
and spill it all over the place.
(chuckles)
I actually have really, really sensitive eyes.
So this is one of the only makeup removers
that really takes my eye makeup off
without irritating them.
I've tried so many makeup removers
and this has like whatever mixture of the oil and remover
that is in it, it's really, really gentle
on your skin and your eyes.
For me, one of the things I really like to do as well
that helps get your mascara off,
is if you just hold it on your mascara for a second,
and then wipe.
It helps really disintegrate
the mascara off of your lashes.
And then I'm just going to use the remainder
of what's on this pad
to just take off some of my other makeup on my face.
So now I'm going to pop my hair up
so that I can wash my face.
For my face wash,
I'm using this Korres Greek Yoghurt face wash.
Again, really, really sensitive skin,
the only two face washes that I can use
without getting all the little bumps on my forehead
are this one, and the simple face wash
that you just can get in drugstore.
But I love the smell of this.
I feel like this helps moisturize my face
a little bit better, so this is the one
that I like to continually repurchase.
And it foams up a lot, so you only need
the tiniest little dot of it.
So it lasts, honestly, forever.
(water running)
And then of course, I'm just going to pat my face dry.
You always want to pat
and never rub, so that you're not rubbing your skin
that you've just cleaned.
I would say about twice a week,
I will do a couple of masks on my skin
just to really help exfoliate and clear my skin.
The first one that I will always use is
Glamglow's Flashmud Brightening Treatment,
I absolutely love those.
And then after that one, I always follow it up
with a really hydrating moisturizing face mask.
My absolute favorite is by Fresh.
It is their Creme Ancienne Ultimate Nourishing Honey Mask.
This smells like dessert, honestly.
I have to open it, it smells so good,
it almost is like that maple candy
that you would always get as a kid.
And this is something that I just always need to do
after I do any sort of exfoliation,
just to add extra hydration to my face
because my skin tends to run very, very dry.
So this two, I'm not going to do right now
because I've just done them last night.
But I just want to let you guys know
because I swear by this duo of masks,
absolutely love them.
So the next product that I have,
honestly, is my holy grail in my entire skincare routine.
This is a product that I actually got for my psoriasis.
It's Dr. Kirkland therapeutics cannabis-infused
natural skin cream.
So basically, I was having really bad issues
with my psoriasis.
Nothing was really working for it.
I wanted to try a cannabis cream and it helped it
so, so, so much so when I had this really bad zit,
and I was like, I don't want this
I'm going to try some of the cream
and it helped it significantly overnight.
So I started using this as a face cream
and I think it really really has helped my skin.
So I'll typically just do like a little squirt of that.
And then smooth it all over my face.
I'm not too shy with the amount
that I actually use of this stuff,
because it is quite good for your skin.
There's obviously no psychoactive side effects
or whatever you would call them to the cream,
but it is just like really, really good for your skin
and it's like a nice, rich cream
to keep you moisturized.
I like to do things in twos,
and this is also something that I would call
one of my holy grail products.
It is the Drunk Elephant Virgin Marula Luxury Facial Oil.
I will bring just those two products with me
with a face wash if I'm traveling
and I need to travel really, really light,
just because I cannot live without them.
I will typically do three to four drops of this,
depending on how dry my skin is,
and then I'll typically warm it up in my hands,
and just press it on to my skin
so that I get a nice layer of oil
with out pulling on my skin at all.
And you always want to make sure
that you moisturize your neck
because people always forget about your neck,
but the skin there is really, really delicate as well.
Next, I use an eye cream by Orveda.
This is one of the most amazing eye creams that I have used.
It's a very, very strong concentration
of effective ingredients and I noticed
that it really, really works well
with puffiness and darkness under your eyes.
So I always like to kind of just pat it on.
You don't want to rub under your eyes too much.
I know I'm going on and on about the rubbing
but you want to take care of your skin
and be really delicate with it.
So it's really important to remember steps like that.
And I'll typically use whatever extra bits
I have on my finger like on my smile lines
and if I have anywhere else that I feel
like I might need a little extra moisturization.
And then next, I'll use this Laneige Water Sleeping Mask.
This is something I always travel with.
It's so good for flights,
or when you've just gotten in somewhere
and you need a little bit of a refresh for your skin.
Put this on, fall asleep, wake up
and your skin is so soft, it's so smooth.
I really really love it, and I will also use this
in conjunction with those two masks that I used earlier.
I tend to put a really thick layer of this on,
but you can really put on as much as you want.
The only thing is, is when you put on a thick layer of it,
when you wake up the next day
sometimes it looks like your skin is peeling
and it's a bit scary until you remember
that you've put on a face mask and put on a lot of it.
But it's really really hydrating,
it really helps to plump your skin.
It's just like a nice fresh thing to put on your face.
So once I've done all my moisturizers
I will typically put an acne treatment on,
and this is the only one that I will use.
It is Burt's Bees natural acne solution.
And this is salicylic acid from willow bark
so it's a very like natural
and not quite as intense treatment
as some of the other acne medicines can be.
So I will typically just put a little bit on my fingers
or a Q-tip, but I don't have any today.
And I'll just pat it on wherever I'm feeling
like I might need it.
This is honestly, my favorite lip balm ever.
It is the Blistex Lip Medex, and I will put
a thick, thick layer of this on my lips
before I go to bed, literally every single night.
And then you wake up
and you're literally nice and moisturized
and full and plump.
I feel like it almost makes you look
like you've gotten a bit of injections,
when you wake up in the morning
because I tend to be quite dehydrated.
So when I do have like moisturized lips
they look a lot bigger than they would
when they're not moisturized, does that makes sense?
And the last thing that I will use is castor oil,
and I actually put it in this little tube of myself,
but I will typically just put this on my brows
and on my lashes before I go to bed.
And this kind of just really helps to moisturize
your hairs on your face, help with growth
and kind of prevent any breakage.
And I have to say, interestingly enough,
I used to have really huge holes on my brows.
And since I started using this cream
and the castor oil, they've grown back.
Weirdly enough, like I used to have such bigger holes,
and I feel like it has to do with something
about the stimulation of either the castor oil
or the cannabis or something like that.
But my brows are naturally a lot more bushy
than they used to be about a year ago.
So I forget where I actually heard about castor oil first.
I believe, might have been either something
that my mother told me or I saw in a magazine
when I was younger, but I feel
like I always see it all over the place,
about how castor oil is really good for your lashes
and your brows and things.
I actually get mine on Amazon
in this big tube of it, and it came
with the mascara bottle that I filled up,
and it's just like a really easy
extra step to add to your routine.
And that is it.
Thank you guys, so much for following along
and I hope that you're able to learn something,
or pick up a new favorite product
and thank you so much, again, mwah.
(bright mid-tempo music)