(upbeat music)
- It's time to get un-ready with me.
(upbeat music)
Okay, so the first step in my nightly routine
is to take of my makeup, of course.
So, I use Neutrogena makeup wipes,
I've been using these for years and years.
Honestly, as long as I can remember
because they truly take off everything.
I have on foundation right now,
I have on a little eyeshadow,
so I come in here and I just go to town.
There is no better feeling than
taking off your makeup at the end of the day.
I mean, you guys can see, that's disgusting.
(laughs)
Make sure you get your neck,
sometimes I'll take foundation and just blend it,
so I wanna make sure I get all of that off.
Okay, so the next step is actually washing my face.
So I have a Tatcha Rice Polish,
and it's the deep kind because it gets really foamy
and I love it because it feels like
it just cleans out all of my pores
and gets off any makeup that I left behind.
I'm in New York right now, so I have the little travel size,
but this goes everywhere with me.
Since I only wash my face at night,
I wanna make sure that I really get in there
and just get all the crap off of my face.
Look at all these suds going here.
My husband tells me I make such a mess when I wash my face.
And I do.
My face feels incredibly clean,
I just feel like I've stripped away the entire day.
But it does, it gets a little bit dry,
so then I always follow it up with
my Karee Hays Retexturizing Cream.
This retexturizing cream has TCA in it,
so it's really good for anti-aging,
and it's also a really thick cream.
So, I always do like three pumps,
I get a lot going,
take it,
and I just completely cover my face with it.
And it feels so good.
And everything that I do to my face,
I wanna make sure that I do to my neck and my chest as well.
So, the nights that I don't use the retexturizing cream,
I actually use a retinol.
And this is one by Revision.
I am very much a hippie in a sense,
where I don't eat a lot of processed foods,
I'm very natural,
this is the one area of my life
where chemicals come into play.
I have my Tatcha again,
I have a little travel eye cream with me.
This eye cream is really thick.
Unless an eye cream is thick, I don't want it.
'Cause I want it to feel like it's really doing something.
So I just take it and I put it, of course, under my eye,
but then I kinda go above and just kind of all over.
My husband, Jay, does like to actually
steal my eye cream sometimes.
He can go, honestly, months without washing his face,
he'll never have a breakout.
I would have full acne if I did that.
I didn't even think twice about eye cream
until I was in my later 20s
and really when I became a mom,
us moms know how important eye cream is
because we're tired.
Sleep will never be the same once you have kids.
Eye cream is also great for filming my show,
before I put makeup on I always put eye cream on as well
so that throughout the day, as I'm filming,
my concealer and the powder doesn't get all cake-y.
All right, so after I do my eye cream
I have an Herbivore, it's a facial oil.
I actually sell these in my store in Nashville.
This is the travel version.
Even though it's for your face,
I tend to stay away from oil on my face
because I am prone to breakouts and clogged pores,
so I take it and I put it all over my neck and my chest.
And, you know, I'm 32 years old,
I just started giving love to my neck and my chest,
so I may regret that later.
Or hopefully I can reverse all of it now
or keep all of the aging at bay.
Of course at night, I brush my teeth.
So, I use a Tom's fluoride-free natural toothpaste.
Has to be minty, always.
And then I follow it up with a chapstick.
And I have one here from a brand called Sulwhasoo?
(laughs)
I dunno, but it works great.
Really, really hydrating, it just feels really good.
I find that my lips get chapped a lot,
especially when I'm traveling.
All right you guys, so that's it!
Thanks for getting un-ready with me.
(upbeat music)