- Hi guys, what's up?
I'm Madelyn Cline and tonight I'm going
to be showing you my nighttime skincare routine.
(optimistic music)
Skincare is massively important to me.
My mom instilled that.
It's in my brain from a pretty young age.
Always wear sunscreen, always moisturize,
always wash your face before bed,
but for me in particular,
at night it is super important
because it's like my ritual.
It's my time where I don't have
to talk to anyone.
I don't have to be on my phone.
All it is, is just me being by myself with myself.
It's almost kind of like a meditation
and it really helps me wind down.
So, let's get started.
Tonight we're going to be using eight products
and they are my absolute staples,
they're my ride or dies.
I am going to start with baby oil.
I feel like this might be controversial,
but I find that it's a really easy, cheap way
to get rid of makeup on my face.
It doesn't feel harsh.
I can use it on my eyes,
I can just rub it all over
and it gets everything off
and I haven't found that it's clogged my pores yet.
I also, unpopular opinion,
I really kind of like the feeling of oil on my face.
Anyways.
I just kind of rub it all over.
And it smells really good.
I use Shea and cocoa butter.
Get in there.
You should look like you've been crying for a while.
I have struggled in the past a lot
with cystic acne, so I do go see a dermatologist
and y'all will see in my next step I use
a face wash that has 10% benzoyl peroxide
and that in conjunction with the facial cream
I use during the day is really, really good
at deep cleansing pores.
So, after that I'm gonna use my favorite cleanser ever.
It's Neutrogena Rapid Clear for stubborn acne.
It's 10% benzoyl peroxide.
What I like about it the most
is that it tingles when it's on your skin,
so it feels like it's really working.
And also, I like the smell.
It's kind of tea tree oil maybe, I don't know.
So, I rub this all over.
For about a minute.
I just really wanna make sure
that I've gotten most of the baby oil off.
You shouldn't use too much baby oil,
just enough to make sure
you're getting everything off.
It doesn't take much.
I try to be really, really, really just about my routine,
but I have a really bad habit of slipping up
and going to bed with my makeup on, I hate it.
I'll sometimes wake up in the middle
of the night and I'll remember
and I'll take my makeup off.
My main thing is, never leaving mascara on
even though I accidentally do it all the time.
I just wanna make sure.
I'm afraid of my eyelashes falling off, bottom line.
Okay, so after that,
these are my holy grail products.
They're the ones that I save up for and splurge on.
They are Skinceuticals.
The first one is the C E Ferulic Serum
and then the second one is the Triple Lipid Restore 2:4:2.
So worth it.
I love these products and what I like to do,
maybe I'm totally wrong for doing this,
but I mix them.
I put like about a, I don't know, finger full,
and then I take the serum.
And I just kind of do a few drops there.
And then I apply it.
And I like to do this because the C E Ferulic
for some reason smells like bacon to me.
And that's one of my favorite nighttime serums.
I just wear that in the morning.
But the Triple Lipid,
the Triple Lipid smells really nice.
I don't know, it smells like a fresh garden.
Just to put on top of that
because it smells nice as well,
kind of cancels out the C E Ferulic
is I spray on some Mario Badescu Facial Spray with Aloe.
Smells great.
It's also got green tea in it, so antioxidants.
After that I use, I get it from Target,
but I use DHC Eyelash Tonic
on my eyelashes and my eyebrows.
So, I like to mix it around in there,
get all that good stuff.
Just make sure that I'm getting to all my lashes.
Even the bottom ones.
I also use this as a primer almost for my mascara.
So, I put it on at the very beginning
of my makeup routine.
I let it dry or soak in
and then I put my mascara on top and it's great.
I find that my lashes don't fall off as often
when I'm taking my makeup off.
So, I think the last step is for lips.
This is my secret for not having chapped lips almost ever.
So, what's great about this
is it's called Bag Balm and it's actually
what traditionally farmers use it for cow udders
to make sure they're not chapped.
But you can get it at CVS for like five or seven dollars.
It comes in this massive tin.
I've had this for like three years almost
and I'm only halfway through it.
And I find that if I just lather it on,
when I wake up in the morning,
the dead skin on my lips just comes right off.
And sometimes when I wake up in the morning it's still on.
So, I love this stuff so much.
It has an interesting smell, but it's not bad.
It just takes maybe a little bit of getting used to.
Okay, so the last step in my routine
is it's not really a skincare thing,
but it makes me happy
is I put on a little bit of perfume before bed.
This is Chanel De Auville
and I think it smells amazing, it's very fresh and soothing
and I just kind of spritz a little bit on.
I love nice smells.
It makes me very happy.
And that's it, that is my nighttime skincare routine.
Thanks for watching.
(optimistic music)
