(bell ringing)
- Time to get unready with me.
My first step is removing my makeup.
So my favorite method is the double cleanse method.
I'm using here Then I Met You,
the Living Cleansing Balm,
and what I love about this method is that
it just melts your makeup without drying out your skin.
It doesn't irritate it.
It's not as harsh.
And this method I believe came from Korea.
So I'm melting the product in my hands like this.
I'm just gonna go in and smear it all over my face.
This is like the most satisfying part
'cause you're just getting rid of everything.
I started picking up this routine I would say
in my late 20s because I noticed
I couldn't just use any cleanser.
My skin is actually getting dryer as I age.
I just have to use more gentle products,
and products that aren't stripping away
the essential oils from my face
because you want to remove the makeup and the impurities
but you also don't want to remove
the good oils on your face.
So you know that feeling you get when you wash your face
and then when you're done washing it
your face feels really tight?
That means that product is too harsh for you.
So I noticed I started feeling that
in my late 20s and I was using all these other products
that were just a little too harsh for my skin
'cause my skin has changed.
So it looks like my makeup has melted
and it's ready for the Neutrogena moment
where I'm splashing water on my face.
So I'm gonna do that right now.
(water running)
Ah, that was so refreshing.
So the first part of my double cleanse is done.
I melted off my makeup and it's clean,
but it's not fully clean yet.
So my next step is using
this Soothing Tea Cleansing Gel.
It's part of the double cleanse method from Then I Met You.
It doesn't feel like a normal cleanser.
It has this jelly-like substance feeling,
but it feels, you can tell right away how it's so gentle.
There's no stinging.
It never strips any essential oils away from my face.
So I'm really going in here and just getting any bits
of product off.
(water running)
Ah, I just love washing my face.
I can do this forever.
So the next step, just lightly, just dab your face
gently like this to remove any excess water.
And we're gonna move on to essence.
My favorite essence here is by this brand called Neogen.
And this is the Micro Essence.
What essence does is it helps prep your skin
to absorb hydration better.
So I'm just gonna soak my pad in just like what I just did.
And just press it on your face like this.
There's actually other methods of applying essence.
I know another popular one is actually just
putting some on your hands, like this,
and piano tapping like this.
Try not to forget your neck.
I know it's kind of an after thought for most people,
but it's true, the first signs of aging
actually does appear on your neck.
So what I wanna do is splash a little extra on here.
I've always been a skincare junkie at a young age.
It wasn't something that was taught to me.
My mom didn't really have a good skincare regime.
The first time actually I ever cared about skincare
was when my mom bought this Noxzema cream.
It was this blue, it was similar like this,
it was like this blue packaging
and you open it, it was this white cream,
and I applied that on my face and I washed my face
and I noticed my face was so dry,
and it just felt so uncomfortable and I said to myself,
I never wanna use it.
I need to actually try and buy my own products
or at least ask my mom to buy this for me.
So then my mom started to help buy me sunscreen
at a young age, and I started applying sunscreen
when I was a teenager,
and it actually paid off in the long run
because I'm noticing that I,
even though I'm in my 30s I actually don't have
a lot of sunspots.
It hasn't really appeared yet
so I've been pretty lucky about that.
And I truly believe it's really sunscreen
that has helped slow down aging for me.
So the next product I'm using,
I'm sure you've heard of this.
This is a cult favorite.
It's called Lotion P50.
So it's really popular in Europe
and a lot of my skincare junkie friends swear by this.
But the problem is that it's a little too strong
for my skin, my skin's still considered young.
This was made more for mature skin.
What I do is I dilute it first.
So I take my cotton bad.
And I add a little bit of water in it
to dilute the solution.
And I'll just go in and just run it all over my face.
What you'll feel is this tingly sensation.
Some people say that it burns or it feels like peppermint
on their skin, but for me it feels really nice.
I actually quite like it.
Definitely feel like this product,
it's a good preventative product
to help with any signs of large pores,
sunspots, or age spots.
It just helps refine the skin
and you wanna wait for it to dry.
So right now it's wet,
but you can actually feel it drying right now.
Age does do a lot to your skin.
I've actually noticed now that I'm in my 30s,
starting around late 20s I noticed my skin
was losing collagen, it lost a little bit of that bounce,
that luster, and I had to exfoliate it a lot
because my skin turnover rate was decreasing.
'Cause when you're younger your skin turns over faster
and so that's why your skin is always looking really great.
As you grow older, the skin turns over slower,
and so you wanna do treatments like,
I do treatments like thermogenal therapy from time to time
to help turn it over.
Also treatments or products like retinoids
or retinol products help, purest form of vitamin A
helps turnover the skin cells
so that you reveal beautiful skin.
So the next product, which is my favorite, masking.
This is one of my favorite sheet mask.
It's by the brand Neogen.
What I love about this is that all the active ingredients
are in here, so you want to snap it like a pill,
like a capsule, and so all the ingredients
are running down right now.
And you just wanna go in and kinda smush it around.
The reason why I like that the active ingredients
are separated is that you just get
fresh sheet mask every time.
And then you open from the bottom.
Did you guys know that a lot of these sheet masks,
actually most of them I believe,
when they make them, hand folded.
Hand folded and stuffed.
I saw them in the factory as they were making it.
It's phenomenal, so I actually appreciate sheet masks more
because it's been touched by human hands.
So how I like to put on a sheet mask
is I will open it all up like this,
then I'll go in and kind of like move my face in.
And so there's this mesh on it.
You wanna remove it.
I feel like Patrick Bateman in American Psycho.
While this mask is on, I'm gonna wait 10 minutes
for it to not fully dry 'cause there's a misconception.
A lot of people believe it should be fully dry
and then you remove it.
You want it to be damp, but not dry,
because then it sticks to your face,
and the rest of my steps,
I need my face to be moisturized,
so what I'm gonna do is while this is drying,
I'm gonna take care of my hair.
So this is one of my favorite hair oil.
It smells amazing.
And I've just noticed my hair became better after using it.
So I'll go in and I'll even put some on my hand
'cause I have dry hands.
And I'll just start finger combing through my hair, like so.
Really focusing on the ends,
and also don't forget inside the hair,
the hair in here, which we often ignore,
'cause we're always focusing on the outer part of the hair
and we forget about the inner part of the hair.
So you don't wanna neglect that.
I used to dye and bleach my hair a lot
so it was very, very damaged for years.
And I used all types of oil.
The most expensive, the cheapest.
Every oil you can think of.
And I just felt that it made my hair shiny,
but my hair didn't feel conditioned,
it didn't feel healthy.
And what I love about this oil is that it's so lightweight,
so it doesn't feel heavy.
'Cause sometimes hair oil can make your hair feel heavy,
and I have very thick, heavy hair.
Alright, so it looks like my sheet mask is ready.
It's not too wet.
It's not dry.
It's just right, Goldilocks.
So you wanna go in and peel it off.
Two years ago I stopped wearing foundation.
It was a very, very hard move to make
because you think about it,
when you're so used to seeing your face made up
and your skin is perfect,
you start getting face dysmorphia, if that makes sense.
You're so used to seeing yourself in one way
and then when you go home and you wash your face,
you see your real face.
You foundation starts becoming your security blanket.
You need it.
And I've noticed as I got older,
my skin needed more coverage.
I need to cover more and cover more.
And then I realized, by the time I'm in my mid-30s,
late 30s, I'm gonna need full face makeup every day.
One, I don't have time for that,
two, I don't think this is healthy.
I don't think it's healthy for my skin.
I don't think it's healthy mentally.
It just made sense to me.
As I'm getting older, my skin's gonna get worse,
so that means I'm gonna have to wear more foundation.
What if I stop wearing foundation?
What happens?
I prioritized investing in my skincare routine more.
And that's what I've been doing
and I've been keeping up with it
and it's paid off in the long run because
two years later I feel so confident without foundation.
I can just go outside and not care.
And I know it's all mental.
It's not actually how my skin looks.
It's really a mental thing in my head.
This is why my skincare routine
is something I take very seriously,
even when I'm traveling I take everything with me
and I don't skip a beat.
So we're almost done.
I'm going to apply the last product on my face.
This is one of my favorite sleeping pack by Etude House.
It's such a hydrating, just look how bouncy it is.
It's this beautiful texture, I love it.
I know I shouldn't be using my finger
but I can't find my thing,
but don't use your finger.
I just love applying this on my face.
It just feels like liquid silk.
Just sweep it all over your face.
Sleeping mask helps retain moisture in your skin.
That's why they call it a sleeping mask.
Actually, the original story I heard from someone.
I don't know if this is true.
Hospitals are open 24 hours and so there's a lot of people
who do the graveyard shift,
so their skin can be really dry.
They will use sleeping masks as a moisturizer
to help retain the skin's moisture,
whether they're at the hospital or on the plane.
So I always love that.
I love that there was a function.
This was created because there was a reason,
there was a need.
I like wearing this at night
because it's a very lightweight moisturizer.
You don't feel anything on your face.
It dries down very naturally.
It doesn't have a sticky, that sticky residue texture.
So it just goes on like smooth silk,
and then my skin is moisturized.
Alright, so the last step,
another sleeping mask, but it's actually for the lips.
This is Klavuu's Nourishing Care Lip Sleeping Pack.
I put a lot on too because my lips,
they get dry really easily.
So when I put this baby on,
the next morning when I wake up,
my skin looks good, my lips look good,
it's like yeah, I don't have to do anything.
I just, concealer, eyebrows, I'm done.
Two minutes, I'm done.
Voila guys, this was my essential
nighttime skincare routine that I do.
If I was deserted on an island,
I need these products or else
I would shrivel up like a prune.
So I hope you enjoyed this video.
I had so much fun sharing everything to you guys
and hopefully it inspires you guys
to invest more in your skincare,
because I truly believe skincare
is a great form of self care, and we need more love
and we need more self care for ourselves.
Take care of yourself and I'll see you guys later.
Thank you.
(smooching)
(relaxed music)