- Nop, its that easy, no hands.
(chuckles)
Well, maybe
(upbeat music)
when the kids go to bed at night,
I get to have this little self care ritual for myself
and I really look forward to it
because it gives me time to nurture me
for skincare I only use Kora Organics products.
They're certified organic and healthy for you
and also deliver powerful results.
I don't want to put anything on my skin
when it comes to my skincare unless it's going
to be actively working and giving me results that I need.
I just celebrated my 37th birthday and I'm happy
to say that my skin has actually never looked better.
And I honestly know that that's because of Kora Organics.
Before I start my nightly skincare routine.
I like to burn a little Palo Santo and polos Santo is kind
of like sage, so what you do is you burn it,
I use it, burn it on my candle
and then I waft it around
take a few deep breaths,
it really helps clear the space and to clear the energy.
I love Palo Santo.
Well now start with my skincare routine.
I use Kora organics cream cleanser.
So what I do is I just put a few pumps on my hand
and then I rub it into my skin like so.
Now I like to double cleanse so I remove all the makeup.
(water splashing)
Lately I've been using these sundew
because I feel like they help remove all the makeup.
A little more cleanser there
rub it into my skin.
The next step after I've cleansed with
that gentle cleanser is to use the Calming Lavender Mist
I spray a few spritzes
(spray sizzling)
and breathe in the aroma therapy of lavender.
So relaxing, I also like to keep this by my pillow,
so I can spray it on my pillow before I go to bed as well.
But this lavender Mist is also a toner.
So it's a mist and a good tone to skin.
I then use one of my all time favorite products,
the Noni Night serum, this has natural AHAs and BHA ferments
and put a few pumps there
so this Noni Night serum I absolutely love
and it's helped me a lot with my pigmentation.
So with each of my pregnancies I developed pigmentation
on my forehead you can see you'll see a little bit
of it there, I've been using it for about eight months now
and I've really noticed that,
my pause look smaller my pigmentation spots are almost gone.
And it feels kind of tingling when I put it
on which I really love.
And don't forget to put it on your neck
and your decolletage as well.
So next is the Kora Organics
Noni Glow face oil and I've been using
this oil for over 10 years now
and it's my holy grail product so I put a few drops
in my hand here.
It's a nourishing treatment oil
that's great for all skin types,
especially if you have sensitive skin.
It helps balance the pH and what I like
to do is pet it into my skin
to Noni extract, Rose hip oil,
sea buckthorn and a rich source of antioxidants.
Essential fatty acids that really help hydrate your skin,
brighten your skin it helps with scarring
and even my husband uses this product He loves it
He uses it every morning and night
and it's really transformed his skin as well.
Sometimes what I like to do with
this Noni Glow face oil,
is massage my face without guasha tool I have
two hear right now,
but most people only buy one I have two
because I love doing it.
Double massage feels so good
and it really helps improve circulation.
You can see my skin's getting a little pink.
As I was saying you don't need these two.
It's just that I love them so much
it's made from Rose Quartz Crystal
and actually all of core products filtered through
Rose Quartz to get that vibration of love.
You can use these on all different pressure points
so I like to use it sometimes in my hands
pressure point there is another little pressure point here
and also on my neck.
I could do a whole video about the pressure points
where I use my guasha rose quartz.
Our next product is the Noni Radiant Eye Oil
and this Noni radiant eye oil is an incredible product.
It has a rose quartz rollerball
it has natural retinol in there
from the ingredient called Ka high oil.
So it really helps with those fine lines and wrinkles.
Sometimes I just sit there
and roll it around around around a mouse
and I also do it on other little fine line areas.
My very last step for my skincare before I go
to sleep is my Noni Glow sleeping mask
I keep this next to my bed and I use it every single night.
It's like a coconut jelly that
contains natural hyaluronic acid and so it locks
in the moisture
it drives as a translucent bale
and it is super nourishing and hydrating and locks in all
of the active ingredients into your skin
it doesn't rub off on your pillow.
And so in the morning,
you wake up and your skin is so bouncy
and dewy and glowy you guys are gonna thank me for this.
My mum's obsessed with it she uses it day and night.
You can also use it as a quick flash hydration treatment.
So you put it on,
leave it on for like 10-20 minutes and then wash it off.
I used to do that a lot.
Back when we were doing red carpet events,
I would use this as a quick flash hydration treatment.
Very funny thing that I've recently gotten into.
I have neckline slimmer.
And so I saw this advertised somewhere quite some time ago.
And when I was going through cleaning out of my closets,
I saw this little guy in there and I was like,
this is hilarious, I'm gonna try it.
So I saw it and people were saying
well just like we exercise our body we need
to exercise our neck.
And so lately I have been exercising my neck.
You just use it like this.
So there that's a fun little thing that I use.
What else do I do outside of my skincare routine
that health of my skin?
Start my day with water We have a filter here
on the house so I fill my water bottle up
with about a fill about 32 ounces
and then I have one lemon squeezed in there
and after I have that I then have 32 ounces of celery juice.
And celery juice has been really great for me for my health
and for my skin I really love it.
I do like to get Reiki facials from a friend
of mine called Nisha.
Another thing that I really love to do
is body brush so I drive or brush
using awkward strokes.
Go all the way up
from my toes all the way up to like underneath my chin
and it feels so invigorating it boosts circulation.
It helps your lymphatic system it is something
that I do every single day
and I feel like emotionally like energetically
it helps me kind of a reset.
So I love tools that helped me reset.
I actually really love this massage tool
and I've been using it a lot.
This was given to me as a gift by my mother for Christmas
I've been using it almost every day.
(screeching sound)
so good
There you have it,
how this bizarre time to get to bed.
(relaxing music)