(upbeat music)
(blubbers)
- You ready to go to bed with me?
(upbeat music)
In order to take my makeup off, first step
is a makeup wipe.
I'm told you're supposed to be really light on your skin
especially around the under eye area.
But I don't always practice what I preach.
My mom is a painter and I've been told by a lot
of makeup artists that I work with that they are essentially
also painters but their canvas is a person's face.
In order to remove the makeup around the eyes
sometimes I like to use a Q-tip.
Really get in there and I typically use
an oil-free makeup remover.
Next step is to cleanse your fa-ce.
Fa-ce is Italian for face?
Maybe I just made that up, I don't know.
I put two pumps
of Dr. Sturm's cleanser
and then I mix that with my exfoliant.
It is an enzyme cleanser
also by Dr. Sturm.
Just put it in your hand and you mix it with water.
All right.
The exfoliant helps really get into the pores
and get rid of that dead skin.
Also removes the makeup if anything's been left behind
that the makeup wipes were not able to get.
And then again, I use warm water to rinse.
All right.
I pat the face dry.
I use Dr. Sturm's hyaluronic acid
which allows for all kinds of moisture and water,
and plumpness to get into the skin.
Sometimes I mix it with the super anti-aging serum.
Mainly because it sounds cool.
'cause it's super anti-aging serum.
For no reason in particular because it saves time
and I'm a busy lady.
The reason why I love Dr. Sturm's products,
at first she was introduced to me by a friend of mine
who works with her and who has beautiful skin.
Dr. Sturm was the first person to come up
with the vampire facial.
Bum, bum, bum, bum.
Yeah, I get it.
It was a double pun there because I used to be a vampire.
It really works.
Her vampire facials are amazing.
And all of her products are amazing and I've honestly
have seen great results.
Plus, she makes them in these little itty bitty containers.
Look at them, they're so tiny.
Like smaller than my eyeball.
No, they're bigger than my eyeball.
They're like the size of my nose and for somebody like me
who travels a lot, I'm on a plane every other day,
having travel size products is super important.
Next up is lip moisturizer.
I like to let my lips get some face cream as well.
Face cream of the lips.
This is a L'Occitane en Provence,
which I, if I have to be honest with you,
I got this in one of those little
travel size things on the plane.
Stole this from the airport.
Not from the terminal.
It was given to me.
Next up is, and keep in mind I don't use this every day.
I use it maybe twice a week and before big red carpets
so that I get that nice glow.
This is called a Deesee mask.
It is a product
that I weirdly enough initially saw
on Kate Hudson on her Instagram.
She posted a photo using it and I reached out to her
and asked her what that was because she looked like Jason,
the killer and I was scared at first and then she told me
what it does and then I was very, very excited by it.
It makes you look creepy though, so get ready.
See what I'm saying?
Total Jason vibes.
The way you do this is you take this little
command center thing, you turn it on.
Usually you use mode one which is red light for anti-aging
or you use mode five which is the red light
and the blue light combined which helps with healing.
So for example if you have a pimple like I do
and you happen to have popped it like I often do,
which you should do, but like I said, I'm guilty.
It heals your pimples really fast.
Like you can have an open pimple, put the mask on and then
when you take the mask off, it's gone.
It's crazy, it's magic.
Anywho, you decide how much time you want it to be
and then you press the light.
And then you sit and wait for awhile.
I usually text or watch TV or read a book or read a script.
But it's awesome.
Once the mask is done, I like to moisturize
and at night specifically I use a thicker moisturizer
like La Mer.
And that way you have all night for it to soak in,
and really work its magic.
La Mer is especially special because it was originally
created, fun little fact, for burn victims.
And it repaired their cells so well
when they had third-degree burns that they decided
they should probably rebrand and use it as face cream
because it has so many healing properties.
This is one that I use a couple times a week
and or before big red carpets
when I want that extra dewy glow.
Ah.
And I like to put it under the eyeballs as well.
Something I've learned from makeup artists is that you
should pat the under eye area as opposed to rubbing it
because it saves you from getting wrinkles maybe a few days
earlier than you would've otherwise.
Now if I'm having a little bit of an outbreak
or a pimple or an uninvited friend
that has made my face their home,
I consult my friend La Roche-Posay.
This is a spot treatment that you only need
a very little amount of.
It's got retinol in it and you just zap 'em.
It's basically like an eviction notice for your face.
You tell 'em they gotta go find somewhere else to squat.
(smooches)
I have two last things before I go night-night.
And the first of the two is (bleep).
The first is very attractive.
I put in my Byte.
That's right, another vampire pun.
But Byte is my retainer that I wear before I go to sleep.
Sexy.
And it kind of is sexy, you can't even see it.
It just doesn't sound very sexy because you have a lisp.
Technically I'm supposed to wear this during the day too
but let's be real, I don't.
Now the true final step.
Is my sleep mask.
This way everyone knows exactly how to proceed
when waking me up.
Don't.
Sleep is important to me so just go away.
Bye guys.
(smooches)
(upbeat music)