(bell dings)
(upbeat music)
- Let's get unready.
(upbeat music)
Okay so, I start out my nighttime routine
with one of my favorite products.
This is Neutrogena Cleansing Towelettes.
You can wash your face and then use
these wipes and you'll be surprised
how much more stuff you'll see come off.
And it also hydrates the skin, which I love.
If I ever need a little extra love
for my eye makeup, I use a wipe.
I dip it in the coconut oil and it works so well
to get any stubborn mascara or anything on your eyes
that you're just really trying to get off.
See?
Next step is I use Dr. Barbara Sturm Enzyme Cleanser,
which is my favorite.
It really exfoliates the skin through natural fruit enzymes.
You just add a little bit of water
and then you rub in between your palms
and it turns into a little bit of a clay texture.
And Dr. Barbara Sturm recommended this for me
because I was getting these breakouts on,
it's so funny, just on one side of my cheek.
I told her that I was using all of these products with beads
and I was trying to exfoliate every single day
and she recommended this product
because she noticed that I was actually over-exfoliating.
So be careful for that.
It's really fun too, honestly.
And it's lightweight because it's powder.
Okay next.
I just rinse all of this off
without getting my hair wet.
Okay, take two.
I'm going to just put my hair back really fast
because it's definitely about to get wet.
And see, there's more makeup.
So that's why I use the wipes and do this
because I want to just make sure that I always get
everything off, especially before bed.
My next step is going to be these
Brightening Peel Pads by Sanitas.
And other times these Dr. Dennis Gross Alpha Beta Peels,
which I also really love, but these are two steps.
And since I'm just doing this kind of quick and easy,
I'm gonna use the Sanitas really fast.
And this is a brightening peel pad with glycolic acid.
Just helps get rid of all the dead skin
and really, really helps brighten the skin.
It's like a form of exfoliation.
And it definitely helps for me
when I've been traveling or when I'm breaking out.
I can immediately tell the difference.
The next step after this, I'm going to use
a very hydrating balm mask.
And you leave this on for 15 minutes.
Put it all over the skin.
It's extremely hydrating.
In addition to this skin design mask,
I use the Lamer Renewal Oil, it's so hydrating.
And I find that usually when I'm breaking out,
contrary to belief, it's not because my skin is super oily,
it's actually because my skin is really dehydrated
so my pores are acting and they're not cooperating
with life and airplanes and lack of sleep.
I put on the oil and then I have
this Nurse Jamie Massage Wand.
So this is amethyst.
I rub the balm and the oil into my skin.
But this feels so good.
It's literally like a massage on your face.
I do it while I'm watching TV.
So I'll put on a mask with the oil
and I'll just watch my shows.
And it's also helping get all of the product in.
So it's a win-win.
Next step is my eye cream, which is by Dr. Barbara Sturm.
It's just really lightweight.
It's like the texture of whipped cream, kind of,
which is really nice for an eye cream
because sometimes I feel like if it's too thick or heavy
it won't really go into the skin.
But this I can immediately feel a difference in.
And I put it all over my eye.
Next step is the Eminence Age Corrective Hydrating Mist.
I just kind of use this on top
of the mask to seal everything in
and it just feels so hydrating and scrumptious.
Love it!
Finally, the last thing that I do is for my body.
And this is a Mimi Luzon Body Serum,
which rare, you don't hear a lot
about body serums, mostly body lotion.
But it's about time that somebody starts
creating serums for your body
because you put so many serums and peels on our face,
we should probably start considering that on our body too.
Especially if you're like me and you get
so dry when you travel.
I use this all over my body.
I love it because it absorbs so well.
It kind of has the texture of an oil,
but it absorbs into the skin.
Sometimes when I wear oil I feel like
I can feel it on my sheets when I'm in bed and I hate that.
This kind of feels more like a true serum
and it definitely penetrates the skin,
it isn't sitting on you and feeling dirty.
That's my final step.
Now I'm going to go to bed.
I hope you guys all learned something
and you enjoyed by nighttime routine.
(upbeat music)
