(upbeat music)
- It's time to go to bed with me, that's hot.
(upbeat music)
So this is my skincare routine and
it's between 10 to 12 steps.
I've been taking care of my skin and obsessed with
skincare ever since I was seven years old.
My mom taught me everything I know.
So after I put my hair back I use my cleanser,
which is the Paris Hilton ProD.N.A
Dual Action Cleansing Gel.
This is my favorite cleanser, I love the consistency and
it has glitter in it, well not glitter,
it's actually diamond dust and caviar.
It's always good to massage the product into your skin.
Always feels great after a long day of shooting
just to get all your makeup off and this cleanser
just works so well you don't even have to use that much.
(running water)
So I always like using just a towel and wiping everything
off and then I take my little cotton swab and just make sure
I get all the of the makeup off.
So my next step is my eye cream and this is
another one of my products.
I love this eye cream 'cause it immediately de-puffs.
I always rub it just around my eyes.
It's good just to get around your whole eye area,
going in this motion and what I love about this
is I wanted to develop something that was basically
just makes it look like a photoshopped look,
so anytime you are going out a night or going
to bed at night it gives you that vibe.
And then I have this, which is by Foreo.
And it really just gets the product in.
So it's good to always do this for
lymphatic drainage and then you pull it down the side
of your face and then down your neck.
(buzzing)
So I do this every morning and every night before bed and it
just really gets the product in as much as possible.
My next step is Dr. Barbara Strum Anti-Pollution Drops.
I love these, Barbara is one of my friends.
So I only used to use my skincare line but her skincare line
is amazing as well so I love using this.
And the pollution drops are great,
especially in Los Angeles with all the pollution,
it's important just to make sure that your skin
stays perfect and pollution-free.
My next step is Oxygen Serum by Nice Skin Beverly Hills.
It was actually made by my facialist, Angela Nice,
who I've been going to for the past 15 years.
I really owe it to her just for doing
oxygen facials and red light therapy and you know,
being able to be natural
'cause I think that's really important.
As a little girl from like seven to being a teenager
before I saw a facialist all I really new about
were eye creams and serums and neck creams and
face creams and everything like that but then after seeing
my facialist I became like the scientist,
I learned even more about red lights and micro current
technology and I bought this whole nutro system
which is amazing with wands and just
basically has electric currents that
build collagen and keep your skin just looking lit.
This is another one of my products,
this is actually my secret weapon.
It's the ProD.N.A Advanced Recovery Serum.
I worked with scientists to create this product and it's
from microalgae from the sea and I love the packaging
because it keeps it again, airtight and this is
literally like the fountain of youth.
So I just rub it in.
So what's amazing about this formula is that it repairs
your DNA cells and it also illuminates your skin,
it makes it youthful, it tightens it, and basically
just makes your skin glow.
The next step is another product by Angela Nice.
It is the Firming Neck Cream,
which I love using with my cream as well.
So I put this one on first, so all over the neck.
It's important to actually go behind your neck as well,
which is a tip that I learned just from
having facials and being on set all the time.
So it's important to not only take care of the face,
your neck, and your chest.
So it's another good beauty tip.
After the neck cream I use my
Paris Hilton Face & Decolletage Cream.
And what I love about this as well is that
it is airtight sealed so it keeps the
product and all the ingredients in there.
And you put that on top of the next cream,
chest, neck, and all of the face.
I love this moisturizer, just the scent of it is amazing.
It's really moisturizing, it's quick-absorbing.
Basically this feels very clean and fresh.
So my next step is this mask.
(upbeat music)
I love this because I use it every night before bed.
I love red light therapy, it really works,
it helps build your collagen and it's amazing,
this product I just got it when I was Harrods in London
and I've been using it every night since.
And then I have this big boy.
(banging)
Which obviously I can't travel with.
(giggles)
so when I was talking about how I'm a scientist and I have
all these different gadgets, this is an amazing one.
You're usually supposed to wear little eye covers
because it's such a strong light but this
light is like the real one.
I love having this as part of my skincare routine
because it really just makes all
the products go into your skin.
I've had this for four years now and I love it,
I really see a huge difference.
This is the type that you would have at like a
professional facialist office and that's where I found it.
I said I need one for my house.
So this is another step that I use when I
feel like my lips need moisturizing and it's called
TOGOSPA, Coconut Lips, AKA the kisser fixer.
(upbeat music)
This you're supposed to use for like 15 to 20 minutes
so I usually wear that even under the mask.
So just depending on, I have ones for your eyes and for the
neck and for the face so sometimes I'll
put on the full face mask but today the lip one
is something that I need 'cause it's really hot outside.
While I was developing my skincare line
I have to do a lot of research.
So I basically learned everything
there is to know about skincare.
So I've adopted some really amazing habits
of always using serums, always using eye cream,
it's so important to always keep your skin hydrated and if
I was stuck on a deserted island,
these are the two products that I could not live without.
So the next step is my Unicorn Mist, which is rosewater.
I love my Unicorn Mist because it not only hydrates
my skin but it immediately uplifts my mood and just makes me
feel happy and just the scent is so beautiful,
it's the most beautiful rosewater I've
ever smelled and I use it all day long.
It's perfect for Coachella, Burning Man, music festivals.
I always take it and then I'll just walk through
the crowd and start spraying people or at Burning Man
I actually bring a couple hundred bottles and I'll
pass them out to people as Playa gifts and people
always love this and then during Burning Man
people will start coming up to me and saying
I need that Unicorn Mist, where is that spray.
And then I always run out because the whole Playa wants it.
So this year I think I need to bring 500 bottles.
So that's my skincare routine.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and learned some new things
about skincare and I'm going to bed, good night.