- There's no such thing as being too cool
to have beautiful skin.
I don't care where you from,
what you've done.
(slow upbeat music)
I'm SAINt JHN.
I'ma show you how to do it.
First things first, you gotta wash your face.
You gotta get your face wet.
All right cool, (water splash)
simple wash, right?
I'm not gonna wash my face, obviously, I'm just wetting it.
First thing I start with is this.
It's a gentle exfoliant,
so you can really do it for a while.
(water splash continues)
I like lather on my face.
I like knowing for a fact that I'm giving myself love.
Self-love happens in a mirror, in a shower by yourself.
You know, what's a myth?
Guys who're too tough to take care of their skin.
That's a myth, that don't exist.
They sound dumb.
I really do take a long time
because I really do sincerely, genuinely love myself.
Don't forget your neck too.
Everybody always forgets their neck.
I'm not sure why, my mom taught me that.
(water splash stops)
I don't know the difference between a pat dry
and rubbing and drying all over your face.
You got sensitive skin you may want to take your time.
The second order of business, this is rose hip oil.
If you've never seen it before, take a look at that.
'Cause I've been traveling,
your skin will get dry 'cause you're traveling,
whenever you're in different altitudes,
different temperatures, different climates.
Oh, this is the consistency of it, it's not...
It's just oil.
Always rub up, my mom taught me that.
My mom said, "You have to fight gravity, rub up."
So I rub up, 'cause I don't wanna figure out
what happens if I don't listen to my mom,
she said rub up and she got great skin.
If it's not enough, just double back for a generous amount.
It don't matter, it's your skin.
You got to know what you need.
They can't tell you what to do on the bottle.
They ain't never seen your face.
They never wake up next to you,
how they know how much you need?
They give a general prescribe amount
and then you gotta figure out what's best for you.
My skin feels amazing.
And then here's the last thing,
cause if you really love yourself,
you'd never neglect Vitamin C.
Vitamin C will save you a misery, tears,
you know, staring at old pictures.
You don't wanna be staring at old pictures talking about
when you used to be sexy.
Y'all wanna do that.
I'm not even doing too much
'cause Vitamin C has a brightening element.
Meaning if you put too much of something like this on,
it'll naturally will brighten your skin,
that's not the intention.
I just wanna make sure my skin gets hydrated.
I just put a drop, I literally just hit it with a drop.
Oh, you too tough,
you too masculine to put a drop of Vitamin C
around your orbital bones?
You don't wanna be sexy in real life?
You wanna be half sexy?
I don't believe in that.
I believe it's be sexy or go home.
And I ain't been home in a long time.
And plus I know the trick, fam,
I know it's this finger.
Girls don't tell you, it's this finger.
You gotta use this one.
'Cause this is supposed to be the one
that applies the least amount of pressure.
So when you just tapping it like this,
because the skin underneath your eye
is the most sensitive skin on your entire body.
There's no such thing as being too cool
to have beautiful skin.
I don't care where you from, what you've done.
Bumpy, greasy, beaten, broken, ruffle skin,
that ain't what you really want.
I don't care what you look in the mirror and tell yourself,
I know what you really need and I know what you really want.
Then you probably gonna need some Vitamin C
and you're gonna need some rose hip oil.
And plus, you're gonna need an exfoliant.
I'm tired, I've been on a lot of planes,
trains and automobiles.
I wanna go to bed.
Bye.
(slow upbeat music)
- I forgot to shut you off.