(smooth electronic music)
- What a long day!
I am ready for bed, so why don't you come to bed with me?
As a board certified dermatologist,
I am trained, you know, we are trained to be the experts
at all conditions of the skin, the hair, and the nails,
and so, we know a lot about these products
that are out there, the skincare products,
and know about the ingredients and what they do,
but we definitely, certainly, have levels
of how much we care about it.
Some people have really deep interest in it.
I am definitely, am always aware
of what I'm putting on my skin,
but I am not crazy about it.
I don't have a lot of steps to my regimen,
but I do know my skin type.
I am dry and I'm on the sensitive side,
so I like to keep things to a minimum
and I don't like to do things that aggravate my skin.
The first step I'm gonna do is take off these eyelashes.
I don't wear eyelashes everyday, but I had to do it today,
of course, 'cause you know, we're gonna be on camera,
and I want to use a really good oil makeup remover.
I've used this four years since I've been a teenager.
It's Bi-Facil by Lancome,
and I like to use, I found these really,
amazing, actually, cotton remover pads.
I don't know, I'm a dork, maybe everybody knows about this,
but I don't like the ones you can buy in stores
'cause they get like very linty,
and I don't like Kleenex 'cause it will tear.
This is like Kleenex with a pad in it,
and you can really soak them really well
with these oils and just like dab them across your face.
I don't like to rub 'cause again, I'm very sensitive
so I like to just dab and let it soak up,
and remove my eye makeup,
so that's the first thing that I do.
So the next step is using my SLMD Cleansing Wipes.
These are my favorite wipes and also I dab at my face.
I try to get off the excess makeup and I don't rub
because I'm more prone to getting rashes or irritation,
and when you do that, you get more wrinkles
'cause those change your skin
and make you look more wrinkled and older,
which we don't like.
I mean, even like a washcloth is gonna create micro tears,
so anything that's kind of abrading your skin,
so you just need to be gentle.
I use a hydrating facial cleanser
and I alternate it with a salicylic acid cleanser
because my two issues is that I'm really dry
and it's because I'm darker complected,
I'm prone to brown spots.
So I like to use my SLMD Salicylic Acid Cleanser
and switch it out every other day
with just a hydrating facial cleanser.
This one's by CeraVe.
And salicylic acid is really great
because it's an exfoliant.
It's gonna exfoliate
and get rid of those dry, dull dead skin cells
on the surface of your skin,
so your skin is more radiant.
It's gonna actually settle down within your pores too
and help prevent new acne or blackheads from forming.
And the trick is with salicylic acid cleansers
is you can actually leave it on your face
for a couple minutes if you wanted to,
and really that can help to increase the penetrance up,
and I mean, I think, in a cleanser,
you're gonna wash it off ultimately, obviously,
but it's gonna really help to get off any
of this extra gunk that I missed with my wipes
or with my eye makeup remover.
So one thing that's really important,
I think that's very important about washing face
that I know from a dermatologist perspective
is when you're washing your face,
you're actually getting rid of moisture on your face.
so you really want to not go really hot
and you don't wanna go really cold either.
You don't wanna shock your your system, really.
You don't wanna shock your skin.
Lukewarm water is the best and I don't rub my face either,
just wash off the salicylic acid.
So again, I dab and I also,
what's so important at this point
is when your skin is still moist,
that is the prime time to moisturize your skin actually,
because if your skin is wet, the,
just out in the air, the moisture evaporates
and it actually pulls that moisture,
the air pulls that moisture out of your skin
and you get drier.
That's why you kind of get that tight feeling
after you wash your face,
and you sit around for a while.
So this is the ideal time to put a moisturizer on.
I like my SLMD Hyaluronic Acid Serum.
Hyaluronic acid, you've probably seen it
in a lot of products these days.
Well, hyaluronic acid is hydrophilic,
meaning that it draws in water.
When you put it on your skin,
it's really gonna seal in that moisture
and minimize what we call transepidermal water loss,
and I'm more prone to that than others
because I have dry skin.
I actually actually have eczema,
which is, means that my barrier on my skin
is not as good as other people's,
so I tend to lose moisture more easily,
so I really need extra moisturizer.
In fact, I can put Vaseline.
I could put like petrolatum on my face
and it won't break me out; I'm so dry.
In terms of things that I wish
that I had not done in the past,
I wish I didn't rub my eyes so much.
You know, I love my cats.
I have cats and I can't give them up,
but I probably shouldn't have had cats in the first place
'cause I'm a little allergic to them
and any kind of inflammation that you get,
any irritation, any kind of like rash
that you get can really age you, actually.
It's cumulative and it really increases the wrinkles
and increases the aging,
but I also feel like "Thank goodness,
"I have good genes from my mom,"
so hopefully, I'll balance out somehow.
So at this point, I like to take a little break
and let all of this soak in for a moment,
and I like to put on my deodorant.
At least, it gives me a little break
because this is a little secret that I have for you.
Deodorant is best applied at night.
It is most effective at night
because you're putting it on
when your sweat glands are the most dormant,
so it's going to make it more effective,
so this is the time that I put on deodorant.
And I can't believe I'm doing that on camera,
but here we go.
The reason I want this to settle in
is because I like to put my moisturizer on
before I put on any retinol or retinoid.
These are products that we know as dermatologists,
they've been around for generations
and we know that they help to minimize fine lines
and wrinkles overtime.
Retinol is an over-the-counter version of this product.
There's a prescription variety as well,
but they are a little bit irritating to the skin,
so I like to put moisturizer on before
and I like to let it sit for a little bit.
There is some question as to whether retinol
or retinoids interact with a moisturizer
or lose their effectiveness
because you apply them the same time as moisturizer,
and I think there is some truth to that,
and some people might actually put a retinol on
before they put on moisturizer on.
I just like to put the moisturizer on first
'cause I really wanna keep that moisture in my skin
after I wash it and I like to just let it sit
for a little bit, and then apply the retinol,
and that makes me feel
like it's gonna be pretty effective now.
This is something that I actually, I live by as well,
the healing ointments.
These are really important for me, again,
'cause I'm saying I'm super dry.
I put them everywhere.
I put them in around my lips and around my eyes at night.
And some people, be careful putting them around your eyes.
They could promote milia,
which are like these little baby cysts around the eyes.
So some people can't tolerate that,
but I can 'cause I'm very dry,
so I put them there to protect those areas too
because you don't wanna put a retinol
close to your eyes, the skin there is too sensitive,
and it will irritate you.
I get acne bumps every now and then.
It's sort of like a hormonal thing,
which is with most of us when we get hormonal acne.
Usually for that sort of thing,
I'm gonna put a benzoyl peroxide spot treatment
on the area.
So, I usually just, benzoyl peroxide is really great
because it's antibacterial
and I just will usually just spot treat the area.
That works in two ways.
It's gonna help destroy bacteria
that are really thriving in that area
and also it really keeps your hands off the area.
The other thing that I can do
that I'm sorry most of you guys can't do,
just because I'm a dermatologist.
I inject my own pimples if I have one
that I feel that's under the surface of the skin.
If you have a dermatologist
that you see, you can potentially see them
and they can give you a little shot
of low potency corticosteroid in the area,
and it gets rid of the zit within 24 hours.
So, in general, I can get big ones,
but I usually get rid of them within 24 hours.
But what sucks for us because throughout our life,
we think, "Okay, why am I not done with acne?
Isn't this supposed to be a teenage condition?"
But throughout our life, we're still getting adult acne.
While it's really common
and it is completely driven by hormones,
but remember, it's a good thing in a sense
because it shows that you have hormones,
that's a youthful thing, and to have oil in your face
to get acne is a youthful thing.
So, try to remind yourself of that.
The problem is that people will try
to pop a pimple too early 'cause it's there
and you can't keep your hands off of it, I get it.
If you just squeeze a pimple when it's too early,
it will just get bigger, and redder,
and angrier, and end up worse.
The ideal time to really extract a pimple
is when they are as close to the surface as they can be.
You wanna make sure any kind of pimple comes
as close to the surface as you can
because then you can just gently nick it,
if you do anything at all.
Like, I'm a dermatologist,
I'm gonna tell you to do anything.
I don't want you to do anything.
I can't 'cause I don't you to be unsafe,
but I know people are gonna do it
so that's my best advice for you
to just know that the more superficial something is
in your skin, the less risk you have
of permanently scarring yourself.
A lot of blemishes that are red or brown,
they're gonna go away,
but that's probably from a lot of pushing
and manipulating, so,
trying to leave things alone is the best thing to do.
So, I have a little zit here on my chin.
I usually get them around my chin
certain times of the month,
and so, I actually have my own stock
of low potency corticosteroids at home.
I take them with me on vacations
'cause that's usually when you get a zit.
So, I usually pull up a little bit
of my little syringe here and I use a baby syringe needle,
and I just take my alcohol and clean the area off.
Don't learn from me, okay?
I just inject; that's it.
But I'm done doing that
'cause I want you to like learn from me.
I mean, that's what we do in the office
and you can see how easy it is.
And so, a dermatologist can really do that
and can, especially if you have a big event
like you have prom, you have a wedding,
your photo is being taken.
It's really great to have your zit injected
'cause it can may get rid of them like so quickly.
I'm gonna get nice and comfy, and cuddle with my cats.
All right, I'm ready for bed.
I'm gonna go cuddle with little dim sum,
so good night.
