- Hey, guys; my name is Sanne Vloet
and today I will be sharing
my evening nighttime skin care routine.
(relaxing music)
So even though I'm quarantined,
I feel it is so important to take care of my skin.
And normally as a model I'm on the road a lot,
and it is really, really important for me
to keep my skin hydrated, fresh, and good-looking.
So first things first:
a hair tie: very, very important.
So what I use take off my makeup is
this little Face Halo pad.
And I really love this because I do not need to use
any makeup remover with chemicals or very harsh ingredients.
So the only thing I do: I put some warm water on here,
and I can literally sweep off my makeup without any product.
It even takes off my mascara, my eye shadow, everything.
So I gently go over my face.
Also what I really love about this:
I used to use a lot, a lot of cotton pads
to take off makeup, and this is much more sustainable way
because I can just throw this into the washing machine
and I can reuse it (clicks tongue).
Two in one, 'cause even though I'm quarantined,
I try to get ready in the morning
because I just feel much more better.
Guys, I'm filming.
This is quarantine sharing the house.
Anyway, what was I saying?
Oh yeah, I do wear a little bit of makeup during the day
because it just makes me feel better,
it makes me feel put together,
even though it's just very, very natural.
Also I'm in front of the camera a lot,
so gotta dress up for the Zoom meeting (chuckles).
So now my makeup is off.
So a very essential thing
in your skin care routine is cleansing.
I always make sure to really cleanse my face.
I do this once or twice a day.
It really depends what I did during the day,
if I went outside or if I stayed inside all day.
But having a good cleanser is very, very important.
And I am using this one:
the Sonya Dakar Sensi Wash.
And it is a super, super gentle fash wash,
and it actually has lavender in there,
so it cools down the skin.
So it has this kind of creamy consistency,
and I'm gently massaging this into my face,
and then I rinse with water.
And it takes off last bits of makeup
and all the dirt on my skin.
(sighs pleasantly)
(water running)
This is all.
And I dab it very gentle.
Best feeling of the day I feel,
taking off my makeup and washing my face.
So next step:
I have naturally kind of dry skin and very, very sensitive.
As you can see, my red cheeks immediately pop out right now.
So I'm using this daily exfoliating powder from Dermalogica,
and it's a very, very gentle exfoliator,
so I'm just getting rid of the dead skin cells.
So even though it says it's for daily,
I think I use this about three, four times a week.
So, ooh, I'm getting powder everywhere.
There we go.
So it has this powder consistency, which is kind of funny,
and you're mixing this with a little bit of water.
And then I am gently scrubbing my face.
And it doesn't have any fragrance or scent,
which I actually really, really like.
Remember, rinse it off.
So what I really, really love about this exfoliator
is that it's so gentle,
and even though I rubbed it very gentle on my skin,
'cause you have to be gentle with your skin.
I feel this is one of the skin care mistakes I used to make,
that I was smashing on products,
taking my makeup off in a super rough way.
And it is very gentle, so it doesn't become really red,
but it does take away all the dirt.
The next step is obviously a night serum.
I'm using this night serum from Dr. Barbara Sturm,
which is absolutely my favorite,
and it is very important, especially for dry skin as me,
to use a serum to really hydrate that skin
and especially overnight because that's the moment
where it can really soak it up.
So the active ingredient here is...
Oh my God, there we go with pronunciation.
Hyaluronic acid.
Hygala- hysa- hyaluronic acid.
Hyalur- hya-ronic acid.
Anyway, you guys probably know what I mean.
Otherwise it's gonna pop it up right here.
But doesn't mean it doesn't work
because it feels really, really good.
So very important if you have a dry skin: use a good serum.
Then I normally do this to dry it.
I don't know if that is actually helping,
but feels very good.
So as I said, I think my skin care routine,
especially in evenings, very, very simple
but very efficient.
And to moisturize my face,
I'm using the Ize hydrating face oil,
and Ize actually a new skin care brand
I cofounded along with my really dear friend Benny.
I used to use so many products on my face
that at one point, my skin got so upset.
And I've always been about really natural ingredients
even if this is things you put inside your body
or on top of your skin.
So the hydrating face oil includes the highest quality
of oils with strawberry seed oil from France.
It includes sunflower seed oil, avocado oil,
to really give this hydration.
So I'm adding a couple of drops,
and I'm adding this to my skin.
So in the morning I normally use
the calming or the brightening,
and sometimes I even mix this into my foundation.
And this is really the only product I really, really need,
and it's always in my bag everywhere.
It has no artificial perfumes or anything.
It's so natural that the skin just really, really loves it.
To really press the oil into my skin,
I only do this in the evening, I am using my jade roller.
And I gently massage it into my pores.
And besides the oil really penetrates the skin,
this is also really good to activate your muscles,
get the blood flowing, get tight muscles,
work on those cheekbones.
There we go, pressing it down; there we go.
Give it a little after-massage.
(sighs pleasantly)
Amazing.
So the base of my skin care is ready.
Then for the eye cream, I'm using
this reviving eye cream from Omorovicza,
which is a brand from Budapest, and they make
these amazing products from the mineral baths in Budapest,
which is absolutely amazing.
I'm adding a little dot.
It is very thin, which I really like,
so it doesn't clog the pores but it does really
hydrate those eyebags and really hydrate the skin
so I won't have dark circles or puffiness tomorrow.
And I really feel like this has been helping,
so I gently put this on top here.
And there we go; this was all for the skin.
And of course, I should not forget the lips,
which is really, really important.
And guys, if any one of you loves skin care,
this is one of the must-haves you should have.
And I swear by this one: the Laneige lip mask.
I do not always use this as a mask.
I also use this just as a lip moisturizer.
It is Korean, and it's absolutely amazing.
It has this kind of thick, pinkish consistency,
but it really keeps my lip moist.
And it's not when I apply this
that after two hours I want new lip balm
'cause a lot of lip balms can be very addicting.
This just really hydrates and moisturizes,
and it's also kind of a beautiful lip gloss.
So there we go.
I am all ready for bed.
I hope you guys enjoyed watching
my nighttime skin care routine.
If you have any questions for me, then let me know
in the comments down below or ask on my channel as well.
I will see you guys soon. (blows kiss)
Good night.
(relaxing music)