(upbeat music)
(dinging)
(upbeat music)
- So are you ready to get unready
(slapping counter)
with me?
(swiping)
(upbeat music)
- The first step in my routine
when I'm talking off my makeup and coming undone
is I actually do something totally different.
I use coconut oil because it's like amazing.
I use it for everything you can think of.
This I actually got in Australia.
It's super raw, super organic.
Now this is gonna seem totally insane
but I like literally slather it all over my face.
You might not wanna try this at home.
So I take like a bunch of coconut oil
and I like literally just like rub it like all on my face.
So I do my lips.
You know I do like under my eyes.
This can literally be your only step if that's all you want.
You could see the makeup getting on my robe
because it's just like coming off.
When I just heard that oil washes are good
I'm like I've been doing that for years.
Also have like, I travel a lot,
so I travel with one of these little washies.
Now that my little spongy bungee is wet
I can kinda start wiping it off.
Now after I do it once, you do it twice
just to make sure you got everything.
Olympia, whose my daughter,
actually does the routine with me.
And it's safe for kids too
cause she can like put it on her face.
She's only one and a half.
And she loves it.
Okay so that's step one.
I travel a lot so I actually found this
on my babymoon in Mexico.
I ran across this product called Vine Vera
and I became insanely obsessed with it.
So apparently you have to use vitamin C on your face,
at the time I didn't know.
So I just do a two, a couple dabs
and I always give Olympia some dabs.
And then you put it on your face.
At least with the serum,
all the other products I use later will set in.
My routine is crazy fast.
Once I'm done with the coconut wash, it's really fast.
So I do that, all done.
Then I move on to another Vine Vera product.
It is actually an eye serum.
So I did my face serum now I have to do an eye serum.
So just put the eye serum under my eye, here.
Which helps the next stage kinda set in.
The next is like this MZ Skin.
So I found this in London.
I was in Harrods and I was walking by,
I saw this really cool packaging
and it was like pink and gold.
And I love gold and I love pink,
they're like my favorite colors
and I was like I'm definitely gonna try that product out.
It must be amazing if it's pink and gold.
And it actually is.
It's MZ Skin, I'm using two products by them as well.
So you just put the eye thing under your eye.
So then I leave this on.
Typically you wanna leave it on for like 10 minutes.
Usually I like to sit down in my, my room or whatever
with my, with Olympia and I watch "Finding Nemo"
because she watches that like a million times.
And then I think I can repeat these movies.
But then what I like to do
is I like to take my coconut oil again
because coconut oil's the best.
I use it in my hair, I use it on my legs, you know.
It's a drying agent though, it could dry out your hair,
so don't do that too much.
But you know look, now my lips are refreshed.
(lips smacking)
Lips are poppin'.
Normally I leave this on for 10 minutes
but so you guys don't die of boredom
I'm gonna take this off.
And that's like a bright, golden bright eye treatment
because I'm like, "I hate dark circles around my eyes"
so I tried to get serious about treating my eyes.
So then I go back to another product by MZ Skin.
Again I got this in London.
Actually like literally have it shipped from London
because it's the only place I know to buy it.
So I put the eye treatment under my eye.
Sometimes when I'm traveling I even put this on my face
cause I feel like whatever your using under your eyes'
like super moisturizing and it could work for the whole face
that's why I don't have a lot left.
It means I need to order some more.
But so I just kind of mix it up, I make it my own.
It's so important to make your beauty routine your own
and just kinda own it.
And honestly I have a little like 5 o'clock shadow.
So I put it on top of my, my mustache (laughs).
But like I hit 30 and after that
like everything has become either mustache or beard so
let's just be honest ladies.
So I do that there too because I think that if it's
brighten it then maybe it will brighten that too.
(whispering) I hid my little mustache.
I like have more hair sometimes than my nephew down there.
So then I move on to this.
So I'm from L.A. so I got this
from this doctor in L.A. Doctor Raj.
He's amazing and I tend to have
more combination to dry skin.
So this enrichment cream is really really good for me.
He has lots of different creams
but I particularly like this one
because it's good for my skin.
So lather up.
I also imagine like now I've got
coconut oil, my enrichment cream.
(whispering) Really important to get the top of my forehead.
I always get my neck too, which is so important,
we always forget our neck.
The last thing I'm gonna do today
and sometimes honestly it varies
I'm not that routine kinda girl.
I have my Mario Badescu, I absolutely love his stuff.
My best friend introduced me to it
and she says she uses it to set her makeup.
So I actually use this to set my makeup
and it gives me this crazy glow.
But I always use it at night too
because I just like the way it smells.
It's rose water, I love rosewater,
I love anything rosewater.
In fact roses are my favorite flower so it's perfect.
So then I just spray it like I'm in France.
(spraying)
Cause you just spray a lot.
I like to pretend a lot.
And that's my nightly routine.
(upbeat music)
