(upbeat music)
(chimes)
- You ready to go to bed with me?
Let's go.
So the first thing I do is
is use a makeup wipe.
I recently got these makeup wipes from my makeup artist.
They're Koh Gen Do Cleansing Spa Water.
So I'm gonna take one of these.
And I really like softer makeup wipes,
sometimes makeup wipes can have those ridges,
but my skin's really sensitive
and it just tends to feel like it's burning
if I have those rougher ones.
And I always do foundation first
and go all around my eyes,
because I feel like
the eyes are the hardest part to get off.
♪ Caterpillar eyebrows ♪
And I like to press down on my eyes first
to kind of rewet the mascara,
let it, yeah, just resaturate it
so it's a little easier to come off.
I don't need to scrub too much though,
because my next step will take the rest off,
so this is kind of just getting the majority.
I'm very guilty at falling asleep with my makeup on.
I try to be good at doing this
because my skin is sensitive and I break out easily,
but I definitely go to sleep often with mascara on.
I always take my foundation off.
98% of the time I take my foundation off.
The next step is the Ultrabland facial cleanser from Lush.
I started using Lush products only a couple years ago.
And it wasn't until I started shooting The 100
and had makeup on my face the whole time
and realized that I really needed
something to properly cleanse my face,
so I decided to go the natural route
and go to Lush.
And I found this stuff
which has been so nice
and it's the easiest way to take off your makeup.
Like, you honestly don't even have to do a makeup wipe,
I just do that as to not feel like
I'm rubbing more stuff into my face.
But sometimes if I'm really lazy I'll just take this
and rub it all over with my makeup on.
And you'll see why.
So you just put it all over.
Don't forget the eyes.
The drugstore products that I had bought before
were drying my skin out
and sometimes even making me break out more, oddly.
And this definitely leaves my skin
still moisturized while cleansing it
'cause it's got a really creamy texture.
Okay, so once I've done all that
and really, like, rubbed it.
I will take a washcloth
and I wet it with warm water.
And then,
and sometimes you even use hot water
so it's steamy a little bit,
I lay it on my face
and then I just pull stuff off.
It feels so good.
Before I get to toner,
while my pores are still open,
I really like to use face masks,
especially because I wear makeup all the time for set,
so I really like to do
the Catastrophe Cosmetic face mask from Lush.
So every time I have a little pimple that I see surfacing
if I put this stuff on, keep it on for 15 minutes
and then, of course, wash it off.
Then I find that it zaps my pimples away.
It's got blueberries in it
which are full of antioxidants
and just rub it all over.
It feels really nice, it's really smooth.
You won't be able to talk as it dries,
it kind of stiffens up your face a little bit,
which I like 'cause when I wash it off
it makes my skin feel tight and firm.
So I've definitely moved into using more natural products,
especially, and as well as, ethically conscious products.
So it's something that I try to stick to.
One, because my skin is very sensitive
and it tends to react better to these things,
but also it's better for the environment in the long run.
As you know like certain products,
like those beads and stuff that are in certain things,
like sometimes they're made of
plastic or other strange things,
and while it does work for some people
I just feel more comfortable using things
that I would essentially use if I was in the wild.
My favorite ways to pass the time when I'm doing masks,
especially if it's Saturday morning,
I've continued on with the ritual into my older age
with Saturday morning cartoons.
So I like to put on my mask
and then sit and watch cartoons,
sit with my dog, cartoons and a face mask.
How does it get better than that?
It doesn't.
Okay, give a nice pat with a clean towel.
So my next step is the Tea Tree toning water.
Which I will do in one of two ways.
I will either spray it directly on my face
or I will put it on a cotton pad.
I usually put it on the cotton pad
just in case I left any mask on,
there's like some kind of stuck here on my forehead,
just to get the rest kind of off,
or I'll do both, like I'm gonna do now, so.
(exhaling)
I love that feeling, it's just like (exhales).
It's like your face going thank you.
So I am now going to go into my final step
which is the Enzymion facial moisturizer from Lush.
A lot of moisturizers tend to clog my pores
and they just don't work for me
and this is really light.
So I'm gonna do a little bit of this guy,
a little bit goes a long way.
And I just kind of press it into my skin.
I had a friend tell me,
like a couple years back,
but his mom taught him
not to pull down as you put lotion on your face,
but if anything press on it or go upward
because pulling down will eventually sag your skin.
That could be an old wives tale,
I don't know, but I took it to heart.
So that's my final step.
I'm done, thank you guys for watching.
I'm gonna go get in the bed now
so I'll see you guys later, peace out, bye.
(upbeat music)